2012 HS ICDC                                            FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM                                                          1 
 
Copyright © 2012 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio 
 1. A contract is unenforceable if it 
A. violates a statute.  C. requires collateral.  
B. is unilateral.  D. contains stipulations.  
 
  2. Jack is a senior executive at the Farkle Corporation. He recently told his sister that Farkle is getting ready 
to declare bankruptcy. However, Farkle doesn't plan to announce this news to its general shareholders 
until next week. If Jack's sister sells her shares of Farkle before the public learns about the bankruptcy, 
Jack and his sister could be prosecuted for 
A. affinity fraud.  C. insider trading.  
B. accounting fraud.  D. market capitalization.  
 
  3. Chris purchased 500 shares of microcap HRR stock. Then, he posted false information about HRR on 
several investment web sites to "hype up" the stock. After driving up the price of HRR stock, Chris quickly 
sold all of his stock in the company and earned a large profit. The price of the stock then fell, leaving 
HRR investors with worthless stock. What type of investment scam did Chris commit? 
A. Pump and dump  C. Ponzi scheme  
B. Pyramid scheme  D. Phishing  
 
  4. Which of the following is commonly used to reduce an investor's capital gains tax burden: 
A. Value stocks  C. Puttable bonds  
B. Short-term investments  D. Capital losses  
 
  5. In addition to ensuring that the company is adhering to all rules and regulations affecting business 
operations, what else is a chief compliance officer often responsible for doing? 
A. Evaluating the company's different channels of distribution  
B. Investigating possible conflicts of interest within the company  
C. Determining the company's point of diminishing returns  
D. Preparing and submitting the company's financial statements  
 
  6. To evaluate the effectiveness of their compliance programs, many businesses conduct 
A. direct trading.  C. marketing research.  
B. training sessions.  D. internal audits.  
 
  7. What virtual-auditor reasoning technique is most likely to detect segregation of duties violations? 
A. Incremental  C. Temporal  
B. Symbolic  D. Cross-source  
 
  8. To be most effective, continuous-inspection compliance technology should have access to transactional 
information 
A. liquidity ratios.  C. samples.  
B. biweekly.  D. at its source.  
 
  9. It is important for employees to apply written directions in the order they are presented to 
A. prioritize daily tasks.  C. perform tasks properly.  
B. correct mistakes.  D. formulate plans.  
 
 10. After a presentation about safety, robbery, and theft issues in the community's business district, Jeff 
asked the speaker, “Did you say that the crime rate in the area decreased by 10 percent or 15 percent 
last year?” What type of question did Jeff ask? 
A. An open-ended question to obtain the speaker's personal opinion about an issue  
B. A relevant question to clarify information that the speaker had provided  
C. A follow-up question that had little to do with the topic at hand  
D. A reflective question that required the speaker to carefully word his/her response  
 
 11. Which of the following visual aids is often used to clearly illustrate company's sales by region: 
A. Geographical map  C. Flowchart  
B. Organizational chart  D. Venn diagram  
 
2012 HS ICDC                                            
FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM                                                          
2 
12. Luke is writing a complex report that will be submitted to the company's board of directors. He has 
collected relevant information that he would like to provide to the audience—information that is not 
necessary to include in the body of the report. In what section of the report should Luke include this 
supplemental information? 
A. Executive summary  
B. Bibliography  
C. Appendix  
D. Table of contents  
13. During a staff meeting, Lindsay started to ask Tom a question while he was presenting his report. What 
did Lindsay do wrong? 
A. She strayed from the topic at hand.  
B. She expressed an opinion.  
C. She used distracting gestures.  
D. She interrupted the speaker.  
14. When Mr. Schwarz's order did not arrive at the expected time, he called Karl, the salesperson with whom 
he had placed his order. Karl apologized for the delay and told Mr. Schwarz that he would check into the 
issue. After Karl talked with the transportation company, he immediately called Mr. Schwarz to let him 
know where the order was and when to expect delivery. Mr. Schwarz thanked Karl for getting back with 
him so quickly. In this situation, Karl reinforced the company's image by 
A. giving vague answers.  
B. providing efficient follow-up.  
C. delegating work tasks.  
D. complimenting the customer.  
15. The advantage to businesses that use mobile-application technology is that their salespeople can obtain 
and send customer information from their 
A. fax machines.  
B. autoresponders.  
C. data banks.  
D. smartphones.  
16. Before recommending specific products or services to clients, what should a finance professional do? 
A. Place a stop or buy order  
C. Conduct a needs analysis  
B. Develop a proxy statement  
D. Conduct dollar cost averaging  
17. What is the most common reason for a client to leave or fire his/her financial advisor? 
A. Poor investment return  
C. High commission fees  
B. Lack of communication  
D. Location of the office  
18. What customer-relationship-management analytic would be most suitable for sorting clients based on 
how likely they are to repurchase a particular product? 
A. Profitability analysis  
B. Account personalization  
C. Event monitoring  
D. Customer segmentation  
19. Kaleb is removing duplicate records from his company's customer-relationship-management system. 
Kaleb is conducting  
A. exploratory research.  
B. environmental scanning.  
C. technical analysis.  
D. data cleansing.  
20. Jacob will not sell the oak desk that he made for anything less than $235. This is an example of the 
___________ price. 
A. demand  
B. supply  
C. equilibrium  
D. market  
21. Which of the following is an example of a business involved in offshoring activities: 
A. BVC Corporation and Tyrone Industries combine their resources to open a new company in 
Belgium.  
B. DigiTech moves its production facility from Los Angeles, California to Jaipur, India to cut costs.  
C. Canadian-based Randall Enterprises purchases an existing firm that is located in Venezuela.  
D. A German-based company operates offices in several countries including Japan, South Africa, 
and Australia.  
2012 HS ICDC                                            
FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM                                                          
3 
22. When the government requires businesses to pay their employees a minimum hourly wage for the tasks 
they perform, it is 
A. regulating workplace conditions.  
B. protecting business property.  
23. Consumer spending is most likely to increase when 
C. conserving the environment.  
D. providing public welfare programs.  
A. the government tightens the money supply.  C. businesses expand and hire additional staff.  
B. manufacturers scale back their production.  
D. unemployment rates begin to increase.  
24. Which of the following is a characteristic of a society that has a low tolerance of uncertainty: 
A. Engages in high risk taking  
C. Values individual accomplishments  
B. Embraces differing opinions  
D. Prefers rules and structure  
25. Assessing your personal strengths and weaknesses in an objective way involves 
A. working to improve most of your weaknesses at one time.  
B. basing a strength or weakness on one isolated incident.  
C. comparing your attributes with others' skills and talents.  
D. looking for behavior patterns that occur regularly over time.  
26. Lara arrived at work on Tuesday to cover Martin's shift, just as she had promised she would. In terms of 
ethical work habits, Lara demonstrated that she is 
A. productive.  
C. reliable.  
B. empathic.  
D. resourceful.  
27. During a negotiation, Dexter said, “Debra, our companies need to reach agreement on the contract terms 
by next Tuesday, or we will need to find another supplier. Our project is already three weeks behind.” 
What negotiation tactic is Dexter using? 
A. Deadline driven  
B. Limited authority  
C. Bargaining  
D. Good cop/Bad cop  
28. Parker, Lily, Paula, and David are members of different departments who are working together from 
March to December to develop an intranet application that affects all of their departments. This is an 
example of a(n) 
A. quality circle.  
B. project team.  
C. standing committee.  
D. short-term committee.  
29. Melanie has convinced her supervisor that the department should implement a new computer program to 
increase efficiency. Unfortunately, not everyone in the department is on board with the change, including 
Rita. Rita thinks that she will not be able to learn the program quickly and will make a lot of mistakes. 
Rita's resistance to Melanie's proposed change is based on 
A. indifference.  
B. anger.  
C. jealously.  
D. fear.  
30. Emily and Becca are team members at work. Emily is married, lives on a farm, and likes sewing and 
doing puzzles. Becca is single, lives in the city, and enjoys snow skiing and running in marathons. The 
coworkers' differences are based on 
A. personality.  
B. age.  
C. education.  
D. lifestyles.  
31. Under which of the following circumstances is a co-signer held legally responsible for paying the balance 
owed on a bank loan: 
A. The lender's interest rate increases.  
B. The lender defaults on the loan.  
C. The borrower's interest rate increases.  
D. The borrower defaults on the loan.  
2012 HS ICDC                                            
FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM                                                          
4 
32. Brandon is developing a financial plan, and one of his goals is to save enough money to buy a new car in 
two years. Has Brandon set a SMART goal? 
A. Yes, his goal is attainable and specific.  
B. No, his goal is not attainable or results-oriented.  
C. Yes, his goal is time-bounded and measureable.  
D. No, his goal is not specific or measurable.  
33. Cheryl invested $6,000 in the stock market. During year one, her $6,000 grew to $6,600. The year after 
that, her $6,600 turned into $7,260. Cheryl's monetary gains are the result of 
A. compounding.  
C. diversifying.  
B. phishing.  
D. market timing.  
34. Exactly one year ago, Kim’s dad gave her a $10 bill. Kim saved the money “for a rainy day.” Now, her 
$10 bill has less buying power than it did a year ago. What caused the decline in the value of Kim’s 
money? 
A. Unemployment  
B. Taxes  
C. Globalization  
D. Inflation  
35. Incorrect information on an individual's credit report may hinder his/her ability to 
A. withdraw money from a savings account.  
C. pay monthly credit-card balances.  
B. obtain a bank loan.  
D. earn interest on stock holdings.  
36. As financial intermediaries, what is all financial institutions' primary responsibility? 
A. Investing clients' money in mid-cap growth companies  
B. Transferring money from those who have it to those who need it  
C. Calculating the opportunity costs of clients' potential investments  
D. Conducting fundamental and technical analyses to evaluate securities  
37. Deposit-taking institutions are commonly responsible for 
A. using funds from insurance premiums to offer loans.  
B. raising funds for clients by issuing securities.  
C. carrying out regulatory and supervisory functions.  
D. making payments on behalf of savers to creditors.  
38. The largest, most liquid financial market in the world is the __________ market. 
A. debt  
C. equity  
B. foreign exchange  
D. commodity  
39. Which of the following are common categories of commodities: 
A. Energy, metals, and grains  
C. Energy, grains, and consumer goods  
B. Energy, metals, and consumer goods  
D. Metals, grains, and consumer goods  
40. Which of the following statements regarding convergence and consolidation in the finance industry is 
true: 
A. Financial companies often enjoy higher earnings as a result of convergence and consolidation.  
B. When multiple financial firms merge, they often end up with less capital to invest.  
C. A desire for lower costs has slowed the pace of convergence and consolidation.  
D. Technological advancements have increased the costs of offering new and different products.  
41. What do bond yields typically do during an economic expansion? 
A. Gradually decrease  
C. Drop to near zero  
B. Increase  
D. Remain unchanged  
42. An economic trend that typically precedes an upturn in commodity prices is the __________ for at least a 
year. 
A. stock market in decline   
B. dollar increasing in value  
C. growth of the money supply declining  
D. yield curve leveling out   
2012 HS ICDC                                            
FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM                                                          
5 
43. Which of the following securities is commonly used to help reduce the impact of significant fluctuations in 
exchange rates and commodities: 
A. Derivatives  
B. Stocks  
C. Bonds  
D. Real estate  
44. By investing their funds in several different countries, investors 
A. reduce foreigners' access to domestic financial markets.  
B. demonstrate their liberalization and home biases.  
C. easily avoid integrated and emerging financial markets.  
D. reduce their exposure to business cycle risks.  
45. Which part of a company's annual report is most valuable for potential investors to examine? 
A. Listing of management/directors  
C. Financial statements  
B. Auditor's report  
D. Letter to the shareholders  
46. Before deciding whether to purchase any Upside Corporation stock, Anna wants to study the company's 
financials. What part of Upside's web site is likely to contain the company's most recent annual report? 
A. Sustainability  
C. Public Relations  
B. Investor Relations  
D. Leadership  
47. Which of the following components of a securities table indicates the last price paid when trading ended 
for the day: 
A. Volume  
B. Net change  
C. Close  
D. Yield  
48. Which of the following are types of lending investments: 
A. Money market accounts, certificates of deposit, and bonds  
B. Bonds, certificate of deposits, and collectibles  
C. Savings accounts, collectibles, and stocks  
D. Certificates of deposit, stocks, and real estate  
49. Ethan has health insurance through his employer. Each time Ethan needs medical attention, he must 
write a check in the amount of $25.00 to the doctor's office to cover his out-of-pocket expense. This out
of-pocket expense is Ethan's 
A. total premium.  
B. copayment.  
C. surrender charge.  
D. waiver.  
50. Which of the following is the first step in a business's accounting cycle: 
A. Collecting the source documents  
C. Balancing the books  
B. Journalizing transactions  
D. Preparing financial statements  
51. Which of the following is a common cause of disparate data structures within many large corporations' 
financial-information management systems? 
A. Channels of distribution  
B. Mergers and acquisitions  
C. Capital structure  
D. Accounting method  
52. In addition to collecting, maintaining, and reporting data about financial transactions, financial-information 
management is also responsible for analyzing and reporting 
A. recent third-party agreements.  
C. dominant buying motives.  
B. participative decision-making.  
D. market and competitive indicators.  
53. Alexei determines who in his company is permitted to read data within the financial-information 
management system. Alexei has assumed responsibility for the __________ stewardship of the 
company's financial information. 
A. access  
B. definition  
C. environmental  
D. geospatial  
2012 HS ICDC                                            
FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM                                                          
6 
54. Which of the following can be used to trace a financial transaction from beginning to end to ensure that 
the data are accurate and have not been altered: 
A. Supply chain  
C. Accounting standards  
B. Separation of duties  
D. Audit trail  
55. More consistent and up-to-date data, faster response to queries, and economies of scale are all benefits 
of using a(n) 
A. intrusion detection system.  
B. encryption technology.  
C. central data repository.  
D. principle of least authority.  
56. What data mining application is used to identify anomalies in a data set? 
A. Visualization  
C. Prediction  
B. Regression  
D. Outlier detection  
57. Rule-induction data mining techniques are commonly used to 
A. create a set of if-then permutations that can be used to predict future behavior.  
B. modify an existing set of solutions to create a new, more useful solution.  
C. present complex data in readily understandable graphs and charts.  
D. conduct statistical exploratory research and identify the distribution of variables.  
58. Because she is running out of space, Carrie wants to transition her home business to a paperless office.  
Given her situation, she should use a budgeting software program with __________ capabilities. 
A. internal-control  
C. scanning  
B. forecasting  
D. variance  
59. Xavier is inputting several data to his budgeting software application, including the predicted cost of 
vehicle maintenance and the predicted revenue from a particular asset. Xavier is entering __________ 
into the budgeting software. 
A. internal controls  
B. marketing data  
C. expense data  
D. key assumptions  
60. Lawrence's manager asked him to prepare a visual representation of key performance indicators, 
including cash flow, liquidity, profitability, and liability. Lawrence should use his company's analytic 
software to create a(n) 
A. profit-and-loss statement.  
B. financial scorecard.  
C. cost standard.  
D. operating agreement.  
61. Ginny set up two related tables in a database so that when an entry in the primary table is modified, the 
database application automatically updates all matching entries in the related table. What type of 
relationship did Ginny create? 
A. Logical design  
B. Hyperlinked  
C. Object-oriented  
D. Cascading upward  
62. Yvonne is running a query to create, delete, or modify other database objects. What type of query is 
Yvonne running? 
A. Pass-through  
B. Select  
C. Crosstab  
D. Data-definition  
63. Investors and financial analysts are most likely to study a publicly-traded company's financial statements 
to 
A. measure the firm's competitiveness and performance.  
B. identify new products that the firm plans to introduce next year.  
C. determine the size and makeup of the firm's workforce.  
D. assess the effectiveness of the firm's risk-management system.  
2012 HS ICDC                                            FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM                                                          7 
 
 64. Which of the following individuals is an internal user of a business's financial data: 
A. Tax collector  C. Creditor  
B. Investor  D. Manager  
 
 65. Which of the following statements about accounting and finance is true: 
A. Accounting obtains business funds, and finance keeps business records.  
B. Finance focuses on the past, while accounting focuses on the future.  
C. Accounting focuses on the past, while finance focuses on the future.  
D. The accounting business function is broader than the finance function.  
 
 66. The emphases in accounting are on documenting and reporting financial data, while the emphasis in 
finance is on 
A. liquidity ratios.  C. closing the books.  
B. bookkeeping.  D. decision making.  
 
 67. What accounting method involves journalizing income and expenditures at the time they occur even if no 
money changes hands at that time? 
A. Cash  C. Tax  
B. Accrual  D. Double entry  
 
 68. What type of accounting involves preparing and reporting financial data to internal users who use the 
data to plan, direct, and control business operations? 
A. Tax  C. Cash  
B. Financial  D. Cost  
 
 69. Which of the following is often used to identify trends and patterns over time for a company: 
A. Financial ratios  C. Opportunity cost  
B. Bookkeeping  D. Market timing 
 
 70. Stefania hopes to identify some meaningful trends by reviewing and comparing data on her small 
business's financial statements for the last five years. Stefania is planning to conduct __________ 
analysis. 
A. break-even  C. horizontal  
B. vertical  D. competitive  
 
 71. An automotive parts supplier must decide whether to extend a credit line to a new business customer.  
Before approving or denying credit for the new customer, what should the supplier do? 
A. Evaluate the qualifications and work histories of the customer's management team  
B. Contact company shareholders and ask for permission to extend credit to the customer  
C. Discuss the customer's request for credit with the supplier's financial accountants  
D. Analyze the customer's credit application, credit report, bank information, and financial 
statements  
 
 72. Jack is studying the difference between the labor cost that his business budgeted for last quarter and the 
actual amount that the business spent on labor during those three months. What type of analysis is Jack 
conducting? 
A. Variance  C. Fundamental  
B. Break-even  D. Cash-flow  
 
 73. The accounting treatment of capital expenditures should be __________ over multiple reporting periods. 
A. consistent  C. hedged  
B. flexible  D. callable  
 
2012 HS ICDC                                            FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM                                                          8 
 
 74. A human-resources manager is working with the company's payroll-processing service to have a new 
employee's paycheck directly deposited into the employee's checking account. What human-resources 
activity is the manager carrying out? 
A. Interviewing  C. Organizing  
B. Recruiting  D. Onboarding  
 
 75. Trevor is a small business owner who usually purchases his janitorial supplies from the store that is 
located across the street from his office. In this situation, Trevor's buying behavior is most likely based on 
A. brand insistence.  C. price.  
B. convenience.  D. product dependability.  
 
 76. The most efficient way to obtain the current interest rates on certificates of deposit purchased through 
Main Street Community Bank is to 
A. visit the bank's web site.  C. make an appointment with a bank teller.  
B. call the bank's financial officer.  D. go to the bank to get product brochure.  
 
 77. Stella has just finished designing the web page for her new business. Next, she needs to select a 
___________ and register the web site's ____________. 
A. file link, ethernet  C. media permit, server  
B. hyperlink, modem  D. web host, domain name  
 
 78. Businesses may review invoices to evaluate their customers'  
A. business plans.  C. storage needs.  
B. purchasing habits.  D. selling policies.  
 
 79. To remain competitive and reduce the risk of failure, a business should 
A. monitor emerging trends.  C. appeal to all markets.  
B. access competitors' records.  D. expand internationally.  
 
 80. When a business has too much inventory on hand for an extended period of time, what type of business 
cost increases? 
A. Holding  C. Production  
B. Maintenance  D. Stockout  
 
 81. The FGH Company has received several warnings from a government agency to fix unsafe electrical 
wiring throughout the company's facility.  According to common law, the company has breached its duty 
of 
A. reasonable care.  C. general authority.  
B. personal reform.  D. charitable trust.  
 
 82. A business can protect its confidential computer information from unauthorized users by 
A. developing Internet message boards.  C. conducting annual virus scans.  
B. encrypting computer files.  D. classifying business data.  
 
 83. Which of the following is a tool that is specifically designed to schedule and track their projects: 
A. Venn diagram  C. Bubble chart  
B. Pyramid diagram  D. Gantt chart  
 
 84. Claire is responsible for maintaining an inventory of routine office supplies for a small business. To 
determine the optimal level of inventory of each item to keep on hand, Claire should consider the 
A. employees' individual preferences.  C. business's budgeting method.  
B. average product usage amount per month.  D. vendors' daily sales promotions.  
 
 85. What is a common activity that takes place during the “determining possible solutions” stage of the 
problem-solving process? 
A. Detecting issues  C. Brainstorming ideas  
B. Collecting relevant data  D. Checking assumptions  
 
2012 HS ICDC                                            
FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM                                                          
9 
86. Margaret Holden is a wealthy woman who has financially supported other individuals' business ideas and 
ventures. Now, Margaret is very interested in providing Marcus Williams with the financial support that he 
needs to start his new business. Margaret is a(n) ____________ , and Marcus is a(n) ____________. 
A. licensor, sponsor  
C. manager, loan officer  
B. franchisee,  franchisor  
D. angel investor, entrepreneur  
87. The reason to write a letter of application to submit with your résumé is to 
A. list former employers who are willing to serve as references.  
B. summarize why you are a good candidate for the job.  
C. include critical information that was left out of the résumé.  
D. indicate what days and times are available for an interview.  
88. Which of the following finance professionals typically oversees a company's cash management, capital 
raising, and investment activities: 
A. Treasurer  
B. Risk manager  
C. Cash manager  
D. Underwriter  
89. Kyrie is licensed to buy and sell securities and offer financial advice to clients. She is most likely to find 
employment with a(n) 
A. insurance carrier.  
B. investment bank.  
C. brokerage house.  
D. actuarial service.  
90. Who should be take continuing education classes to keep up with changes in tax regulations? 
A. Gwen Colbert, Accounts Receivable Supervisor  
B. Paul Stanton, Corporate Security Advisor  
C. Martha Winters, Certified Public Accountant  
D. Carlos Ramirez, Product Acquisition Manager  
91. Tosha prepares monthly financial reports for her company's senior executives, helps create company 
budgets, reviews the company's tax returns, and analyzes the company's finances. Tosha is most likely 
to be a 
A. Certified Internal Auditor (CIA).  
B. Certified Public Accountant (CPA).  
C. Certified Management Accountant (CMA).  
D. Certified Fraud Examiner (CFE).  
92. Hank would like to meet regularly in person with other financial planners in his geographic area to 
discuss trends and issues impacting their profession. Which of the following professional organizations 
would best meet Hank's needs: 
A. National Association of Professional Financial Advisors  
B. Federal Organization of Financial Planners  
C. Local Society of Financial Planning Professionals  
D. International Financial Planning Association  
93. A strong professional relationship is usually a(n) __________ relationship. 
A. one-sided  
C. majority-rule  
B. reciprocal  
D. easily maintained  
94. Which of the following is an ethical hazard in risk management: 
A. Contracting with an insurer with a reputation of adequate claims reserving  
B. Working with a public accounting firm that has a whistleblower mechanism  
C. Understating loss experience and exposure to an insurance underwriter  
D. Questioning a supplier's history of disobeying state and federal regulations  
95. Siobhan is utilizing risk-management technology to quantify the potential losses that her company would 
incur if a tornado destroyed its largest manufacturing plant. What technique is Siobhan using to forecast 
the likely losses? 
A. Risk transference  
B. Cost-benefit analysis  
C. Risk modeling  
D. Fundamental analysis  
2012 HS ICDC                                            
FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM                                                          
10 
96. What type of risk-management technology can track individual traders' risk limits and notify management 
immediately if any trader exceeds her/his pre-set limit? 
A. Data aggregation  
B. Stress testing  
C. Automated oversight  
D. Corporate governance  
97. How does forming a captive insurance company typically impact a corporation's federal tax liability? 
A. Eliminates the corporation's state tax liabilities  
B. Increases tax due on the captive's loss reserves  
C. Increases the corporation's sales tax liabilities  
D. Reduces tax due on the captive's premiums  
98. Reggie recently learned that four consumers have injured themselves while using the 2X400 Chop It 
Right blender, a kitchen appliance that his company sells. As a result, he is urging company 
management to discontinue sales of the 2X400 Chop It Right. Reggie is attempting to limit the company's 
__________ -liability exposure. 
A. employment  
B. employee  
C. product  
D. fiduciary  
99. Which of the following statements regarding internal control systems is true: 
A. If a company has an internal control system, monitoring and reporting are unnecessary.  
B. The purpose of an internal control system is to eliminate risk.  
C. Many companies use internal control systems instead of risk management.  
D. Internal controls are a component of enterprise risk management.  
100. What type of control is typically used to help company executives understand the impact of external risks 
on the organization and its long-range plans? 
A. Process  
B. Management  
C. Strategic  
D. Variable  
2012 HS ICDC                                      
FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY                                                    
11 
1. A 
Violates a statute. If the contract involves carrying out illegal activities, the contract is unenforceable 
because it requires one or both parties to break laws. Unilateral contracts are contracts that involve 
promises made by one party. Collateral is anything of value belonging to the borrower that is pledged to 
the lender to guarantee that the loan (contract) will be repaid. A stipulation is a restriction or circumstance 
that one party requires the other party to agree to. Unilateral contracts and contracts that require 
collateral or other stipulations are legal if the contract meets all of the features of legal contracts 
(agreement, consideration, capacity, genuineness of assent, and legality of purpose). 
SOURCE: BL:002 
SOURCE: McAdams, T., Neslund, N., & Neslund, K. (2007). Law, business, and society (8th ed.)  
[pp. 210, 226]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin. 
2. C 
Insider trading. If a corporate “insider” such as an owner, director, or high-level manager shares 
confidential company information with someone who then buys or sells the company's stock as a result of 
this knowledge, illegal insider trading occurs. Insider trading is not always illegal, though. Legal insider 
trading takes place when corporate insiders buy or sell their own company's securities and report the 
trades to the SEC. Accounting fraud occurs when a company or organization knowingly publishes 
incorrect information on its financial statements. Affinity fraud, often in the form of a Ponzi or pyramid 
scheme, is an investment scam in which the scammer claims to be a member of the group s/he is 
targeting. Market capitalization is an indicator of the size of a public company as measured by the total 
dollar value of its stock. 
SOURCE: BL:133 
SOURCE: QS LAP 50—Play by the Rules (Legal and Ethical Aspects of the Stock Market) 
3. A 
Pump and dump. Pump and dump is an investment scam that takes place mostly online. It typically 
involves scammers who buy a small stock and then hype it up to other investors, causing its price to rise. 
The scammers sell when the price is high, leaving the victims to deal with the rapid price decline 
afterwards. A pyramid scheme is an illegal form of multi-level marketing in which emphasis is placed on 
collecting initial fees from as many people as possible. A Ponzi scheme is an investment scam that lures 
in new investors by promising high rates of return with little to no risk. Phishing is an online identity-theft 
scam that fools its victims into believing they are submitting sensitive, personal information (such as 
credit card numbers or bank passwords) to a legitimate web site. 
SOURCE: BL:133 
SOURCE: QS LAP 50—Play by the Rules (Legal and Ethical Aspects of the Stock Market) 
4. D 
Capital losses. An investor's capital gains are her/his earnings from the appreciation of investments. Most 
federal governments collect taxes from investors on these capital gains. One way to reduce an investor's 
capital gains tax burden is to subtract his/her capital losses (money that s/he has lost from the 
depreciation of investments) from the capital gains. S/He would only pay taxes on the difference, if it is 
positive. If her/his capital losses are greater than the capital gains, then s/he wouldn't pay any capital 
gains tax at all. Long-term, rather than short-term, investments help investors to reduce their capital gains 
tax burden, especially in the United States where long-term capital gains are taxed at a lower rate than 
short-term capital gains. Puttable bonds and value stocks typically have no impact on an investor's 
capital gains taxes. 
SOURCE: BL:134 
SOURCE: Roos, D. (1999-2012). Lowering your capital gains tax. Retrieved February 28, 2012, from 
http://money.howstuffworks.com/personal-finance/personal-income-taxes/capital-gains
tax3.htm 
2012 HS ICDC                                      
FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY                                                    
12 
5. B 
Investigating possible conflicts of interest within the company. The chief compliance officer is responsible 
for developing policies and procedures that ensure that her/his company is adhering to all rules and 
regulations affecting business operations. In addition, s/he is often in charge of investigating and 
managing conflicts of interest within the company. These conflicts of interest might arise between the 
business and its customers, among the business's customers, or among business functions. Such 
conflicts of interest have the potential to interfere with the business's compliance with organizational, 
industry, and government regulations. Members of the business's marketing department are likely to 
evaluate the company's different channels of distribution. Operations management determines the 
company's point of diminishing returns, possibly with the accounting or finance department's assistance. 
The accounting department prepares and submits the company's financial statements to interested 
parties such as the SEC. 
SOURCE: CC:003 
SOURCE: Barclay Simpson Recruitment Consultants. (n.d.). An introduction to financial services 
compliance. Retrieved February 28, 2012, from 
http://www.barclaysimpson.com/document_uploaded/Intro%20FS%20Compl%20publication.
 pdf 
6. D 
Internal audits. Many businesses conduct independent internal audits to evaluate the effectiveness of 
their compliance programs. Internal auditors are typically company employees who are responsible for 
reviewing such things as reports, policies, procedures, training, and corrective actions to determine if the 
company's compliance function is working properly. In essence, internal auditors conduct investigations 
to find out if the compliance program is successfully ensuring that the firm and its employees are 
following all rules and regulations impacting business operations. While it is important to stress 
compliance during training, employee training sessions are not used to evaluate the effectiveness of a 
business's compliance program. Marketing research and direct trading are typically not related to internal 
audits or compliance programs in general. 
SOURCE: CC:003 
SOURCE: Compliance Action. (2003). The real role of compliance: Corporate governance. Retrieved 
February 29, 2012, from http://www.bankersonline.com/articles/v08n07/v08n07a1.html 
7. B 
Symbolic. One form of compliance technology is the virtual auditor, a computer application that monitors 
financial transactions continuously to detect and analyze compliance violations. The virtual auditor uses 
multiple reasoning techniques, including symbolic, incremental, temporal, cross-source, contextual, and 
comparative, to identify these violations. Symbolic reasoning, which is based on the experiences and 
expertise of actual internal auditors and fraud investigators, involves examining patterns of events and 
looking for common signs of questionable activities. Compliance violations that symbolic reasoning is 
likely to detect are segregation of duties violations and general ledger errors. Incremental reasoning 
examines situations in which multiple questionable events seem to build on each other, leading to a 
potentially significant compliance violation. Temporal reasoning considers the timing of an event or 
transaction when determining questionable activities. Cross-source reasoning involves looking at data in 
multiple financial systems to detect anomalies and potential compliance violations. 
SOURCE: CC:004 
SOURCE: Oversight Systems. (n.d.). A Sarbanes-Oxley compliance program that saves cash: Link 
Sarbanes-Oxley requirements to business improvement. Retrieved February 29, 2012, from 
http://www.oversightsystems.com/pdf/whitepapers/Compliance_to_Cash_060725.pdf 
2012 HS ICDC                                      
FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY                                                    
13 
8. D 
At its source. To prevent an intermediary from tampering with transactional data, continuous-inspection 
compliance technology such as a virtual auditor must have access to the information at its source. 
Because continuous-inspection technology works continually to identify errors and violations, it needs 
access to transactional information as the transactions actually occur, not biweekly. Rather than 
reviewing samples of transactional information to verify compliance, the technology must have access to 
all transactional data. Liquidity ratios are not relevant to a conversation about continuous-inspection 
compliance technology. 
SOURCE: CC:004 
SOURCE: Oversight Systems. (n.d.). A Sarbanes-Oxley compliance program that saves cash: Link 
Sarbanes-Oxley requirements to business improvement. Retrieved February 29, 2012, from 
http://www.oversightsystems.com/pdf/whitepapers/Compliance_to_Cash_060725.pdf 
9. C 
Perform tasks properly. If employees do not read the directions and apply them in the proper sequence, 
they may perform the tasks incorrectly. If employees perform tasks incorrectly, they may be required to 
go back and correct their mistakes, which cost the company time and money.  Applying written directions 
in the order they are presented does not help employees prioritize daily tasks or formulate plans. 
SOURCE: CO:056 
SOURCE: Hyden, J.S., Jordan, A.K., Steinauer, M.H., & Jones, M.J. (2006). Communicating for 
success (3rd ed.) [pp. 125, 134-135]. Mason, OH: Thomson South-Western. 
10. B 
A relevant question to clarify information that the speaker had provided. Jeff asked the speaker to clarify 
a fact that was stated during the presentation. The question was about the area's crime rate, which was 
relevant to the topic at hand. Jeff's question was a close-ended inquiry because it required the message 
recipient to provide a response in one of two ways—10 percent or 15 percent. The question was not 
reflective in nature, so the message recipient did not need to put a lot of thought into or carefully word 
his/her response. A follow-up question is a question asked to clarify a previous question. There is not 
enough information provided to determine if Jeff previously asked a question. 
SOURCE: CO:058 
SOURCE: Effective questioner: What is an effective questioner? (n.d.). Retrieved February 28, 2012, 
from http://ictnz.com/Questioning/effectivequestioner.htm 
11. A 
Geographical map. Graphics typically add interest and make information easier to understand. Maps are 
often appropriate graphics to use when the topic at hand relates to geographical regions. Each region 
depicted on the map may be color-coded by the range of sales generated to support and clarify the sales 
data presented in a report. A flowchart presents a visual depiction of activities or processes in sequential 
order. An example of a flowchart is an organizational chart, which depicts the hierarchy of positions and 
departments within an organization. A Venn diagram indicates the overlapping relationships among finite 
sets of data. 
SOURCE: CO:087 
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 378, 380]. 
Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall. 
12. C 
Appendix. Supplemental information for long or complex reports is presented in an appendix, which is a 
separate section placed at the end of a report. The information in the appendix might contain graphs, 
text, or a combination of both elements. A bibliography is a component of a report that summarizes the 
information sources that the writer used to prepare the report. An executive summary is an overview of 
the entire report. The table of contents is the portion of a long report in which the sections are listed with 
their page numbers. 
SOURCE: CO:088 
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 475-477]. 
Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall. 
2012 HS ICDC                                      
FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY                                                    
14 
13. D 
She interrupted the speaker. Because it is rude to interrupt another person while s/he is speaking, 
Lindsay should have waited until Tom was finished speaking before asking a question. In many 
meetings, the leader or speaker will ask the participants if they have questions, so it would be appropriate 
to ask for clarification at that time. There is not enough information provided to determine if Lindsay 
expressed an opinion, asked a question irrelevant to the topic at hand, or used distracting gestures. 
SOURCE: CO:063 
SOURCE: Leskiar, R.V., & Flatley, M.E. (2005). Basic business communication: Skills for empowering 
the Internet generation (10th ed.) [pp. 416-417]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.  
14. B 
Providing efficient follow-up. Customers often base their impressions of a business on the interactions 
they have with the business's employees. In the situation provided, Karl worked quickly to find out the 
status of the order and immediately called Mr. Schwarz with specific information about where the order 
was and when to expect delivery. This is an example of efficient follow-up. By providing efficient service, 
Karl is building favorable relationships with customers. There is not enough information provided to 
determine if Karl delegated work tasks to facilitate his follow-up activities or if he complimented Mr. 
Schwarz. 
SOURCE: CR:002 
SOURCE: Kotler, P., & Armstrong, G. (2008). Principles of marketing (12th ed.) [pp. 244-245]. Upper 
Saddle River, NJ: Prentice-Hall. 
15. D 
Smartphones. Smartphones are quickly becoming a critical business tool for customer relationship 
management. The devices not only include cellular telephone capabilities, but also a variety of computer 
applications, including Internet access. Businesspeople can call customers from remote locations, check 
e-mail, verify inventory levels, and place orders from smartphones. In many situations, smartphones 
reduce the need to carry laptops and tablet computers because many of the applications that 
salespeople need to conduct business are on these devices. Businesses can also send promotional 
messages to their customers' smartphones. Autoresponder applications provide e-mail recipients the 
ability to send automatic messages back to the message sender (e.g., out-of-office announcements). 
Data banks and fax machines are not forms of mobile-application technology. 
SOURCE: CR:018 
SOURCE: All Things CRM. (n.d.). What are mobile CRM applications and how can I use them? 
Retrieved February 28, 2012, from  http://www.allthingscrm.com/application
development/what-are-mobile-crm-applications-and-how-can-i-use-them.html 
16. C 
Conduct a needs analysis. Before recommending a specific product or service to his/her client, a finance 
professional should conduct a needs analysis. In other words, as an ethical finance professional, s/he 
should first determine what the client truly desires or requires and then select products and services that 
will meet the client's wants and needs. A finance professional would not develop a proxy statement, 
place a stop or buy order, or conduct dollar cost averaging before recommending specific products or 
services to clients. 
SOURCE: CR:012 
SOURCE: Auburn Mountain. (2006-2011). Ethics in financial services. Retrieved February 29, 2012, 
from http://www.auburnmountain.com/Financial-Practice/Ethics-in-Financial-Services.aspx 
2012 HS ICDC                                      
FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY                                                    
15 
17. B 
Lack of communication. Although a poor investment return, high commission fees, or the geographic 
location of the financial advisor's office may influence a client's decision to leave the advisor, the most 
common reason given for firing a financial advisor is a lack of communication. Above all else, financial 
clients expect—and need—their advisors to communicate on a regular basis. This means returning the 
clients' phone calls as soon as possible, replying quickly to their e-mails, and contacting them regularly to 
discuss their accounts and answer any questions that they might have. 
SOURCE: CR:012 
SOURCE: BrokerVille. (2008, August 1). How to retain accounts in a bear market. Retrieved March 1, 
2012, from http://blog.brokerville.com/uncategorized/how-to-retain-accounts-in-a-bear
market/ 
18. D 
Customer segmentation. Customer-relationship-management (CRM) analytics can be used to analyze 
and evaluate customer data in many different ways. For example, a business can use CRM technology to 
segment its customers into groupings based on each client's likelihood of purchasing or repurchasing a 
particular product. Personalization allows a business to market to specific customers based on data in 
the CRM system. Event monitoring helps businesses to identify when a customer reaches a specific 
dollar amount of purchasing or requests an excessive number of refunds. Profitability analysis helps 
businesses to identify their most profitable customers. 
SOURCE: CR:024 
SOURCE: TechTarget. (2000-2012). CRM analytics. Retrieved March 1, 2012, from 
http://searchcrm.techtarget.com/definition/CRM-analytics 
19. D 
Data cleansing. If the data contained in a business's customer-relationship-management (CRM) system 
is incorrect, out-of-date, duplicated, or unformatted, the value and effectiveness of the CRM system is 
potentially compromised. Therefore, it is in the business's best interest to cleanse the data in its system 
on a regular—or even continual—basis. The correction, removal, and/or formatting of questionable 
customer records is called data cleansing. Environmental scanning involves collecting information about 
the environment surrounding a business. Technical analysis involves using historical information from 
market activity, prices, and volume to evaluate securities and predict future price activity. Exploratory 
research is a form of marketing research used to collect information that will help the business define its 
issue, situation, or concern and decide which direction to go in to address it. 
SOURCE: CR:024 
SOURCE: Sequeira, N. (2008, November 3). CRM data cleansing and management. Retrieved March 
1, 2012, from http://knol.google.com/k/crm-data-cleansing-management# 
20. B 
Supply. The supply price is the minimum price that producers are willing and able to receive for a 
product. The demand price is the maximum price that buyers are able and willing to pay for the product. 
The market price is the actual price that prevails in a market at any particular time—the price that you 
actually pay for a service or good. The equilibrium price occurs when the quantity of a product that 
buyers want to buy is equal to the quantity that sellers are willing to sell at a certain price. 
SOURCE: EC:006 
SOURCE: EC LAP 12—When More Is Less (Functions of Prices) 
21. B 
DigiTech moves its production facility from Los Angeles, California to Jaipur, India to cut costs. 
Offshoring is a practice in which a business moves operations from its home country to other countries to 
lower its labor and production costs. In many situations, offshoring can save a business millions of 
dollars, but it does so at the expense of domestic jobs. Joint ventures or strategic alliances form when 
two companies combine their resources to open a new company. A company that purchases another 
company creates a wholly owned subsidiary. A company that operates offices in several countries is a 
multinational firm. 
SOURCE: EC:104 
SOURCE: EC LAP 22—Stretch Your Boundaries (Global Environment's Impact on Business) 
2012 HS ICDC                                      
FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY                                                    
16 
22. A 
Regulating workplace conditions. Governments pass and enforce laws to protect consumers, businesses, 
and other resources. Many of these laws address business practices. When the government requires 
businesses to pay their employees a minimum hourly wage, it is regulating workplace conditions. 
Minimum-wage laws protect workers because they are legally guaranteed a “living wage,” which is a 
minimal amount of money needed to meet basic survival needs. To protect the business's property, 
including its products and ideas, the government issues trademarks, patents, and copyrights. The 
government passes and enforces environmental laws to protect and conserve our natural resources such 
as water, air, botanical life, and wildlife from the potentially unhealthy and unsafe outcomes of production 
processes. Government  provides public welfare programs to assist people who are unable to provide for 
themselves. 
SOURCE: EC:008 
SOURCE: EC LAP 16—Regulate and Protect (Government and Business) 
23. C 
Businesses expand and hire additional staff.  When businesses expand and hire workers, the workers 
(consumers) have income to spend. Manufacturers usually scale back their production when consumers 
are not spending money to buy their products. When production decreases, businesses are more likely to 
lay off employees, which usually cause the unemployment rate to increase. And, when people are not 
working, they do not have money to spend. When the money supply is tight, there is less money in 
circulation and consumer spending tends to decrease. 
SOURCE: EC:081 
SOURCE: Lowe, R.E., Malouf, C.A., & Jacobson, A.R. (2003). Consumer education & economics  
(5th ed.) [pp. 156-161]. New York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill. 
24. D 
Prefers rules and structure. Members of uncertainty-avoidance cultures prefer structure, rules, safety, 
and low risk taking. Cultures that have a high tolerance of uncertainty are open to differing opinions. 
Individualist societies expect members to take care of themselves and value individual accomplishments. 
SOURCE: EC:045 
SOURCE: EC LAP 24—On Top of the World (Impact of Culture on Global Trade) 
25. D 
Looking for behavior patterns that occur regularly over time. By assessing your personal strengths and 
weaknesses, you can apply your talents where they are best used and select a career in which you are 
most likely to be successful. A successful assessment of your strengths and weaknesses requires being 
aware of your behavior patterns over time. By being aware of your behavior patterns, you can determine 
the things that you do well and things that you want to improve. When assessing your personal strengths 
and weaknesses, avoid making false generalizations about yourself, which is basing your idea of a 
personal strength or weakness on one isolated incident. And, because everyone is different, avoid 
comparing yourself to others. After identifying the weaknesses that you want to work on, try improving 
one weakness at a time. Taking on too many changes at once can be very frustrating. 
SOURCE: EI:002 
SOURCE: EI LAP 17—Assess for Success (Assessing Personal Strengths and Weaknesses) 
26. C 
Reliable. Reliable people follow through on their promises—they do what they say they will do. Because 
Lara arrived at work when she said she would, she is showing her employer that she is reliable. Empathy 
is the ability to put yourself in another person's place. A person who is productive completes the required 
tasks correctly and efficiently. A resourceful person has the ability to act imaginatively when new ideas or 
solutions are required. There is not enough information provided to determine if Lara is an empathic, 
productive, or resourceful person. 
SOURCE: EI:004 
SOURCE: EI LAP 4—Work Right (Ethical Work Habits) 
2012 HS ICDC                                      
FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY                                                    
17 
27. A 
Deadline driven. There are several negotiating strategies, and some are more effective than others in 
certain situations. The deadline-driven strategy involves one party giving the other party a time limit to 
take action. In the situation provided, Dexter communicates a deadline—next Tuesday. Limited authority 
is a negotiating strategy in which one person claims that s/he does not have the authority to make a 
decision and must consult another person who is not present during the negotiation process. Bargaining 
is a "give-and-take" strategy. Good cop/Bad cop sets up one person as reasonable and the other person 
as unreasonable. 
SOURCE: EI:062 
SOURCE: EI LAP 8—Make It a Win-Win (Negotiation in Business) 
28. B 
Project team. A project is any type of undertaking or task that has a distinct beginning and end. Because 
the group is working together for a set period of time (March to December) to complete a specific task 
(develop an intranet application), it is a project team. A quality circle is a problem-solving group of 
coworkers who are given work situations or problems to study and discuss in order to recommend 
solutions to management. A standing committee is one whose work continues over a long period of time 
(e.g., three years). A short-term committee has an immediate goal, such as planning a social event for 
employees. 
SOURCE: EI:045 
SOURCE: CEN. (2009). What are project teams? Retrieved March 5, 2012, from 
http://www.cen.eu/cen/Sectors/Sectors/ISSS/About_ISSS/Pages/Project_Team.aspxf 
29. D 
Fear. Change leaders should expect some resistance and know how to address others' concerns about 
the change. By addressing concerns, the change leader may help others feel more comfortable with the 
change and be persuaded to accept it. In the situation presented, Rita is afraid that she won't be able to 
learn the program quickly and that she will make a lot of mistakes. Rita's resistance is based on fear. 
Melanie may be able to decrease Rita's fears by telling her about the software training program and by 
letting her know that most people are likely to make mistakes when they are learning a new program or 
skill. Rita's resistance is not based on anger, jealously or indifference. 
SOURCE: EI:005 
SOURCE: QS LAP 23—20/20 Foresight 
30. D 
Lifestyles. To treat others fairly at work, employees must understand and respect their differences, one of 
which is lifestyles. The ways in which people lead their daily lives create their lifestyle. Many factors 
define individuals' lifestyles, including the way people spend their time, the activities they pursue, and 
their marital status. In the example, Emily is married and Becca is single. Emily prefers to spend her free 
time sewing and doing puzzles, while Becca enjoys participating in athletic activities. There is not enough 
information provided to determine if Emily and Becca differ in age, education, and personality. 
SOURCE: EI:036 
SOURCE: EI LAP 20—Fair and Square (Treat Others Fairly at Work) 
31. D 
The borrower defaults on the loan. When borrowers agree to a loan, they are making a legal contractual 
agreement to pay back the loan in a certain manner within a specific period of time. When the borrower 
does not have the collateral or credit history to obtain the loan, the lender often requests that another 
person co-sign for the loan. A co-signer is responsible for paying the loan if the borrower defaults on it, 
which means the borrower does not make the scheduled payments to the lender. Changes in interest 
rates do not affect a co-signer's legal responsibility for paying the balance owed on a loan. 
SOURCE: FI:063 
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2009). Personal finance (9th ed.) [pp. 181-182]. 
New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin. 
2012 HS ICDC                                      
FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY                                                    
18 
32. D 
No, his goal is not specific or measurable. A financial goal is a short- or long-term objective that is 
measured in terms of money. Effective financial goals are SMART goals—specific, measurable, 
attainable, results-oriented, and time-bounded. The goal is time-bounded because Brandon wants to 
save money to buy a car two years from now. It is results-oriented because Brandon will have something 
to show for his effort in two years—a car. However, the goal is not specific or measurable because 
Brandon has not indicated how much he wants to save for the car. Also, Brandon has not indicated how 
he plans to save for the car, such as placing 15% of his weekly paycheck in a special savings account. 
There is not enough information to determine if the goal is attainable because it is not specific. 
SOURCE: FI:065 
SOURCE: QS LAP 31—Set Yourself Up 
33. A 
Compounding. The magic of compounding is earning interest upon interest. Compounding takes place 
anytime you earn interest, but its effects are most dramatic when you're investing. Key factors involved in 
compounding growth are the amount of money invested, how long the money is invested, and how much 
the investment grows each year. With the stock market's average yearly gain of 10 percent, after one 
year, Cheryl's $6,000 was $6,600. With the same 10 percent return the next year, Cheryl's $6,600 turned 
into $7,260. She earned interest on her interest. Phishing is an online identify-theft scam that fools its 
victims into believing they are submitting sensitive personal information to a legitimate web site. To 
diversify means to spread out your investment dollars among a number of different securities. Market 
timing is a form of the “buy low and sell high” trading strategy, in which investors purchase securities at 
low prices and sell them at high prices to profit from the difference. There is no indication that Cheryl's 
profit is the result of phishing, diversifying, or market timing. 
SOURCE: FI:270 
SOURCE: QS LAP 30—Supersize Your Money (Need to Save and Invest) 
34. D 
Inflation. Inflation is an increase in the cost of goods and services. What your dollar buys today won't be 
the same as what it buys next year. Over the years, the value of money declines. That means that the 
$10 bill Kim was given last year has less buying power today. Taxes are monies that individuals or 
businesses must pay to the government. There's no indication that Kim paid taxes on her $10. 
Globalization is the rapid and unimpeded flow of capital, labor, and ideas across national borders. 
Unemployment is also known as joblessness. Although taxes, globalization, and unemployment levels 
can impact the economy, none of the three are the direct cause of the decline in the buying power of 
Kim's money. 
SOURCE: FI:270 
SOURCE: QS LAP 30—Supersize Your Money (Need to Save and Invest) 
35. B 
Obtain a bank loan. Banks obtain credit reports to make decisions about providing loans; therefore, it is 
important for individuals to periodically review the accuracy of their credit reports. By obtaining copies of 
their credit reports from an authorized credit agency, individuals can identify problems and take corrective 
action. Information presented in a credit report does not affect an individual's ability to withdraw money 
from a savings account, pay monthly credit-card balances, or earn interest on stock holdings. 
SOURCE: FI:072 
SOURCE: Nolo. (2012). Your credit report can make or break your application. Retrieved February 27, 
2012, from http://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/free-books/renters-rights-book/chapter1
3.html 
2012 HS ICDC                                      
FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY                                                    
19 
36. B 
Transferring money from those who have it to those who need it. Financial institutions play an integral 
role in our economic system. They act as financial intermediaries (middlemen) by transferring money 
from those who have it to those who need it. In essence, financial institutions facilitate the flow/movement 
of money through the economy. Investment institutions such as mutual funds, investment banks, pension 
funds, and exchanges may invest clients' money in mid-cap growth companies; calculate the opportunity 
costs of clients' potential investments; and conduct fundamental and technical analyses to evaluate 
securities. However, none of those activities is the primary responsibility of all financial institutions, 
including deposit-taking institutions, finance and insurance institutions, and investment institutions. 
SOURCE: FI:336 
SOURCE: MBA Research and Curriculum Center. (2009). Introduction to finance course guide  
(p. 5-19). Columbus, OH: Author. 
37. D 
Making payments on behalf of savers to creditors. Deposit-taking institutions commonly accept deposits 
(funds) from savers and use those deposits to make payments on behalf of savers to individuals, firms, 
and creditors to whom the savers owe money. Deposit-taking institutions, which include commercial 
banks, credit unions, savings and loan associations, trust companies, and mortgage companies, also use 
those deposits to offer loans to borrowers. Investment banks, which are investment institutions, raise 
funds for clients by issuing securities. Government and semigovernment financial institutions carry out 
regulatory and supervisory functions. They also increase the funds available to investors, manage risk, 
and assume risk. Insurance companies, which are categorized as finance and insurance institutions, use 
funds from premiums to offer loans. They also manage and pool individuals' risk, invest funds to raise 
more capital, and create investment products. 
SOURCE: FI:336 
SOURCE: MBA Research and Curriculum Center. (2009). Introduction to finance course guide  
(p. 5-19-5-20). Columbus, OH: Author. 
38. B 
Foreign exchange. The largest, most liquid financial market in the world is the foreign exchange market. 
There are typically more active traders and a higher volume of trading on the foreign exchange market 
than any of the other markets. Very liquid markets such as the foreign exchange market experience very 
gradual, small price changes, while markets with low liquidity often experience volatile changes in price, 
meaning that prices change abruptly and in larger increments than in highly liquid markets. The debt 
market is also known as the bond market, and the equity market is also called the stock market. A 
commodity market deals in raw, primary products such as oil, silver, gold, etc. 
SOURCE: FI:337 
SOURCE: Dummies.com. (2012). Liquidity and the foreign exchange market. Retrieved February 27, 
2012, from http://www.dummies.com/how-to/content/liquidity-and-the-foreign-exchange
market.html 
39. A 
Energy, metals, and grains. Commodities are raw, primary products commonly categorized as energy, 
metals, and agricultural products, which are often further divided into grains, livestock, and softs. Energy 
commodities include different types of fuel, including natural gas, crude oil, heating oil, etc. Metals 
commodities include precious and industrial metals such as gold, silver, and copper. Grains are probably 
the most popular of the commodities and include corn, soybeans, wheat, etc. Livestock include cattle and 
hogs, while softs are food and fiber commodities such as cocoa, cotton, orange juice, etc. Consumer 
goods, tangible items produced for personal use, are finished goods, not raw, primary products. 
Therefore, they are not referred to as commodities. 
SOURCE: FI:337 
SOURCE: Kowalski, C. (2012). Commodities types and profiles. Retrieved February 27, 2012, from 
http://commodities.about.com/od/researchcommodities/u/commodities-types-path.htm 
2012 HS ICDC                                      
FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY                                                    
20 
40. A 
Financial companies often enjoy higher earnings as a result of convergence and consolidation. 
Convergence within the finance industry typically involves financial providers from different financial 
sectors merging, such as a retail bank merging with an insurance company. Consolidation takes place 
when financial providers within the same institutional category merge, such as a retail bank merging with 
another retail bank. Some of the factors leading to convergence and consolidation in the finance industry 
are technology, liquidity constraints, a desire for increased profitability, and a desire for lower costs. 
Technological advancements have reduced the costs of offering new and different financial products. The 
convergence/consolidation of multiple financial companies usually results in more liquid capital to invest 
or to offer as loans for all companies involved. By merging, some financial firms (especially those 
converging with others within their financial sector) can achieve economies of scale, which result in 
reduced redundancy and lower costs for all involved. Finally, financial companies often enjoy higher 
earnings as a result of convergence and consolidation. 
SOURCE: FI:573 
SOURCE: MBA Research and Curriculum Center. (2009). Introduction to finance course guide  
(p. 5-106-5-107). Columbus, OH: Author. 
41. B 
Increase. During an economic expansion, production, employment, income, sales, the demand for 
money, and interest rates rapidly increase. As a result, businesses borrow more money (at higher rates) 
to expand their operations. And, when businesses borrow more at higher interest rates, bond yields go 
up. 
SOURCE: FI:574 
SOURCE: Peter Dag and Associates, Inc. (n.d.). Profitable relationships between economic indicators 
and financial markets. Retrieved March 1, 2012, from 
http://www.peterdag.com/s_files/O0Yp4aNtyV9X.pdf 
42. B 
Dollar increasing in value. An upturn or increase in commodity prices is typically preceded by a number 
of economic trends and conditions. These trends include the dollar strengthening or increasing in value 
for at least a year; the stock market increasing and improving for at least a year; the growth of the money 
supply increasing for at least a year; and the yield curve steepening for at least a year. Growth in 
employment and industrial production also accompany an upturn in commodity prices. 
SOURCE: FI:574 
SOURCE: Peter Dag and Associates, Inc. (n.d.). Profitable relationships between economic indicators 
and financial markets. Retrieved March 1, 2012, from 
http://www.peterdag.com/s_files/O0Yp4aNtyV9X.pdf 
43. A 
Derivatives. Derivatives, including options, futures, and swaps, are complex financial instruments whose 
value depends upon the value of other financial instruments (e.g., currencies, securities, commodities, 
etc.) or a market index. Derivatives are often used on a global scale to help reduce the impact of 
significant fluctuations in currency exchange rates, the prices of specific commodities, etc. Stocks, bonds, 
and real estate are not commonly used in this manner. Stocks are shares of ownership in a corporation. 
Bonds are lending investments in which individuals lend money to a government, municipality, or 
corporation to earn a set rate of interest for a specified time period. Real estate is an ownership 
investment in which individuals purchase property in buildings and land. 
SOURCE: FI:575 
SOURCE: MBA Research and Curriculum Center. (2009). Introduction to finance course guide  
(p. 5-157). Columbus, OH: Author. 
2012 HS ICDC                                      
FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY                                                    
21 
44. D 
Reduce their exposure to business cycle risks. As a result of financial globalization, investors have 
access to many more markets and investments worldwide. By investing their funds in several different 
countries, investors are able to diversify their risk and reduce their exposure to business cycle risks within 
any particular country. Liberalization is the removal of government regulations on the flow of capital and 
international trade. A home bias is a preference for investments in domestic markets versus markets in 
other countries. An investor who invests funds in several different countries demonstrates that s/he does 
not have a home bias. While international investors can purposefully avoid emerging markets located in 
developing countries when investing, integrated financial markets-markets that facilitate the free flow of 
capital across national borders-are not so easy for international investors to avoid. Liberalization and 
financial globalization have increased foreigners' access to domestic financial markets. 
SOURCE: FI:575 
SOURCE: MBA Research and Curriculum Center. (2009). Introduction to finance course guide  
(p. 5-156-5-158). Columbus, OH: Author. 
45. C 
Financial statements. A company's annual report contains a wealth of information about the organization. 
While much of this information is at least tangentially helpful to individuals interested in investing in the 
company, the financial statements contained in the annual report are probably the most valuable, 
important sources of corporate financial data. Many potential investors review the financial statements to 
learn more about the company's financial “health,” its profitability over a specific period of time, the 
amount of money it has, and the way in which the company manages its money. The auditor's report is 
essentially a statement of assurance that the data contained in the financial statements are accurate and 
presented in accordance with specific government rules and regulations. The listing of 
management/directors contains information about the company's senior executives and board of 
directors. The letter to the shareholders is narrative information from company management about what 
the company did that year, what they consider to be important achievements, and some ideas about 
where they plan to go next. Traditionally, the letter to the shareholders is very upbeat, regardless of how 
well (or how poorly) the company is actually doing. 
SOURCE: FI:274 
SOURCE: QS LAP 36—The Source Is With You (Finding and Evaluating Securities Information) 
46. B 
Investor Relations. Most publicly-traded companies have an "Investor Relations" section within their web 
sites where individuals such as Anna can find the companies' annual reports as well as any other 
information and filings they have made public throughout the year. Some companies also devote a 
portion of their web sites to "Sustainability," which emphasizes the companies' dedication to impacting 
the environment and society in positive ways. The "Public Relations" component of most companies' web 
sites contains press releases, press kits, and media resources such as product images and information. 
The "Leadership" section typically contains biographical profiles of senior executives and members of the 
board of directors. 
SOURCE: FI:274 
SOURCE: QS LAP 36—The Source Is With You (Finding and Evaluating Securities Information) 
47. C 
Close. “Close,” which is sometimes listed as “Last,” represents the last price paid when trading ended for 
the day. “Net change” compares the closing price with the previous day's closing price. A negative net 
change indicates that the price is down when compared to the previous day's last price. A positive net 
change means that the price is up. “Volume” (sometimes listed as “Sales”) tells you how many shares 
were traded that day. “Yield” signifies the rate of return on the security, determined by dividing the 
dividend by the actual closing price. 
SOURCE: FI:275 
SOURCE: QS LAP 37—Table Talk (Reading Stock Tables) 
2012 HS ICDC                                      
FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY                                                    
22 
48. A 
Money market accounts, certificates of deposit, and bonds. Investments in which individuals allow 
borrowers to use their money for a period of time for a specified fee or rate of interest are lending 
investments. Money market accounts, certificates of deposit, bonds, and savings accounts are types of 
lending investments. Investments in which individuals purchase a portion or all of an item are called 
ownership investments. Collectibles, stocks, and real estate are types of ownership investments. 
SOURCE: FI:077 
SOURCE: QS LAP 32—Risky Business 
49. B 
Copayment. Health insurance covers such medical expenses as hospital bills, doctors' fees, and lab 
charges. Employers negotiate contracts with health insurance companies to obtain favorable or 
discounted group rates. Depending on the terms of the contract, the employers and employees pay a 
portion of the health insurance premium. A copayment is a predetermined out-of-pocket expense that the 
insured (employee) often pays at the time of service to cover a portion of the health-care provider's fee. 
The balance of the health-care provider's fee is applied to the employee's annual deductible or is covered 
by the insurance company after the deductible has been met. A surrender charge is a fee charged to a 
policyholder by a life insurance company when the insurance policy or annuity is surrendered or waivered 
for its cash value. 
SOURCE: FI:081 
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2012). Co-pay. Retrieved February 23, 2012, from   
http://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/copay.asp#axzz1nDRJFkES  
50. A 
Collecting the source documents. The accounting cycle is the process that a business uses to maintain 
its financial records. The first step involves collecting all of the necessary financial records or source 
documents—checks, receipts, invoices, purchase orders, etc. Without this basic information, the 
business cannot journalize the transactions, balance the books, or prepare financial statements, which 
are subsequent steps in the accounting cycle. 
SOURCE: FI:085 
SOURCE: FI LAP 5—Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting) 
51. B 
Mergers and acquisitions. Mergers and acquisitions commonly handicap large corporations' financial
information management systems because of disparate data structures. Even though two companies 
may become one as a result of a merger or acquisition, the two companies' historical financial data may 
be incompatible or housed in different data structures, making a merge of the data difficult. Channels of 
distribution, the company's capital structure, and the accounting method that the company uses do not 
commonly cause disparate data structures within financial-information management systems. 
SOURCE: FM:002 
SOURCE: Flood, M., Kyle, A.S., & Raschid, L. (2010, November). Knowledge representation and 
information management for financial risk management. Retrieved March 1, 2012, from 
http://www.pewtrusts.org/uploadedFiles/wwwpewtrustsorg/Reports/Financial_Reform/UMD
Report.pdf 
52. D 
Market and competitive indicators. In addition to collecting, maintaining, and reporting data about 
financial transactions, financial-information management is also responsible for maintaining internal 
operational data and analyzing and reporting external market and competitive indicators. The financial
information management function is not typically responsible for maintaining information about 
participative decision-making, dominant buying motives, or recent third-party agreements. 
SOURCE: FM:002 
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (p. 342). South-Western Cengage 
Learning. 
2012 HS ICDC                                      
FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY                                                    
23 
53. A 
Access. Stewardship of a company's financial information is an aspect of financial-information 
management. In other words, the financial-information management function is responsible for protecting 
the quality and integrity of any financial information that the company possesses. Several types of 
financial-information stewardship exist, including both access and definition stewardship. Access 
stewardship is the ability to decide who is permitted or denied access to data within the financial
information management system. Definition stewardship is the ability to determine what data within the 
financial-information management system mean. Environmental stewardship is not usually associated 
with financial-information management; it involves responsibility for the protection and conservation of 
nature resources. Geospatial is not a form of stewardship. 
SOURCE: FM:003 
SOURCE: Bajgoric, N. (2010). Always-on enterprise information systems for business continuance: 
Technologies for reliable and scalable operations (p. 123). IGI Global: Hershey, PA. 
54. D 
Audit trail. One way to identify potential ethical violations in financial-information management is to trace 
financial transactions from beginning to end using audit trails. A financial-information manager can utilize 
an audit trail to review all documents pertaining to a particular transaction and determine if data recorded 
in the system are accurate or altered. Separation of duties is an internal control requiring more than one 
person to complete a task. Accounting standards are principles or rules that businesses must follow 
when recording and presenting their financial information. The supply chain is a system of organizations, 
people, processes, etc. used to move a product from supplier to user. 
SOURCE: FM:003 
SOURCE: Brenner, L.J. (2012). Accounting systems ethics. Retrieved March 1, 2012, from 
http://smallbusiness.chron.com/accounting-systems-ethics-24413.html 
55. C 
Central data repository. A central data repository is a centralized comprehensive database used to store 
financial management from across an organization. Benefits of a central data repository include more 
consistent and up-to-date data, faster response to queries, economies of scale, and accessibility by 
several different software applications. Encryption technology and intrusion detection systems are used 
to ensure the security of financial information. The principle of least authority is a concept that promotes 
providing database users with permission to access only those data that are absolutely necessary for 
fulfilling their duties and work obligations. 
SOURCE: FM:011 
SOURCE: InterSystems. (1996-2012). Caché and data management in the financial services industry. 
Retrieved March 1, 2012, from 
http://www.intersystems.com/cache/whitepapers/datamanagement_wp.html 
56. D 
Outlier detection. Outlier detection is a data mining application used to measure the distance between 
data objects and identify any data that are significantly dissimilar to the remainder of the data set. 
Regression is used to identify the relationship between an independent variable and a dependent 
variable. Prediction estimates future values based on the patterns found in current data. Visualization can 
be used to convert complicated data into clear patterns that are easily understood. 
SOURCE: FM:012 
SOURCE: Sharma, A. & Panigrahi, P.K. (2012, February). A review of financial accounting fraud 
detection based on data mining techniques. Retrieved March 5, 2012, from 
http://research.ijcaonline.org/volume39/number1/pxc3877016.pdf 
2012 HS ICDC                                      
FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY                                                    
24 
57. A 
Create a set of if-then permutations that can be used to predict future behavior. Rule-induction data 
mining techniques are frequently used to determine if-then relationships among a set of data. After these 
if-then rules are developed, they can be used to predict future behavior. One common type of rule
induction modeling is the decision tree technique. Genetic algorithms can be used to modify an existing 
set of solutions to create a new, more useful solution. Data visualization allows complex data to be 
presented in readily understandable graphs and charts. Statistical-inference techniques may be used to 
conduct statistical exploratory research and identify the distribution of variables within a data set. 
SOURCE: FM:012 
SOURCE: Zhang, D., & Zhou, L. (2004, November). Discovering golden nuggets: Data mining in 
financial application. Retrieved March 5, 2012, from 
http://suraj.lums.edu.pk/~cs631s05/Papers/financial.pdf 
58. C 
Scanning. Some budgeting software programs come complete with scanning capabilities, making it 
possible for a small business owner such as Carrie to scan and save certain documents digitally. 
Depending on the nature of these documents, Carrie may be able to dispose of the paper copies, freeing 
up precious space in her home office. While forecasting, internal-control, and variance-analysis 
capabilities are helpful, they are not as well suited as scanning capabilities are to help Carrie transition to 
a paperless office. 
SOURCE: FM:013 
SOURCE: McFerrin, O. (2011). Making the most of budgeting software. Retrieved March 6, 2012, from 
http://www.business.com/guides/making-the-most-of-budgeting-software-21366/ 
59. D 
Key assumptions. Many business budgeting applications allow users to input and/or change key 
assumptions assigned to the budgets. These key assumptions are the predicted values of various budget 
items. While the predicted cost of vehicle maintenance is expense data, the predicted revenue from a 
particular asset is not. There is no indication that Xavier is entering marketing data or internal controls 
into the budgeting software. 
SOURCE: FM:013 
SOURCE: Briggs, S. (2011). Budgeting software key terms. Retrieved March 6, 2012, from 
http://www.business.com/guides/budgeting-software-key-terms-36970/ 
60. B 
Financial scorecard. Many financial analysis applications include the capability to create financial 
scorecards containing key financial indicators and up-to-date financial information. Cash flow, liquidity, 
profitability, and liability are examples of metrics that are often included on a financial scorecard. Rather 
than simply listing data on the scorecard, business employees can use financial analysis applications to 
develop charts and graphs that present the data in much more readily understandable ways. A profit-and
loss statement is a summary of business transactions that shows net profit before and after taxes by 
analyzing sales, purchases, cost of goods sold, and operating expenses for a specified period. While 
Lawrence's financial scorecard probably contains information that also appears on the company's profit
and-loss statement, the financial scorecard presents more different financial metrics. Cost standards are 
established specifications used to measure how much a project or product costs. An operating 
agreement is a written document signed by members of a limited liability partnership or limited liability 
company that specifies the terms of the business arrangement. 
SOURCE: FM:014 
SOURCE: iDashboards. (2004-2012). Scorecards. Retrieved March 6, 2012, from 
http://www.idashboards.com/Solutions/For-Your-Function/Scorecards.aspx 
2012 HS ICDC                                      
FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY                                                    
25 
61. D 
Cascading upward. Ginny created a cascading upward relationship between the two tables so that when 
an entry in the primary table is modified, all matching entries in the related table are updated to match. 
Ginny did not create a hyperlinked, object-oriented, or logical design relationship. A hyperlink is a 
component of an electronic document that can be clicked on to jump to another place within the 
document or into a different document or web site. Object-oriented is a type of database model, not a 
relationship within a database. Logical design is typically considered to be the first stage in the life cycle 
of a database. 
SOURCE: FM:015 
SOURCE: Browne, A. (2010, April). Microsoft Access tips for serious users: Cascade to null relations. 
Retrieved March 6, 2012, from http://allenbrowne.com/ser-64.html 
62. D 
Data-definition. Running a query in a database is the equivalent of giving the database instructions for 
working with specific data. Data-definition queries tell the database to create, delete, or modify other 
database objects. Select and crosstab queries are used to retrieve specific data and present them in 
reports. A pass-through query tells the database engine to pass the query to a remote database server 
for processing. 
SOURCE: FM:015 
SOURCE: Microsoft. (2012). Run a query. Retrieved March 6, 2012, from http://office.microsoft.com/en
us/access-help/run-a-query-HA010077157.aspx 
63. A 
Measure the firm's competitiveness and performance. Because many investors and financial analysts 
look at a business's financial statements to measure the firm's competitiveness and performance, the 
business should make every effort to report its financial position accurately. If it does not, investors and 
financial analysts may shy away from purchasing the company's stock. If the company's financial 
statements underestimate its performance, investors and financial analysts may avoid the company 
because it looks unprofitable. And, if the financial statements are overly positive, investors and financial 
analysts may come to distrust the company because it overstates its success. A company's financial 
statements are not likely to help investors and financial analysts to identify new products that the firm 
plans to introduce next year, determine the size and makeup of the firm's workforce, or assess the 
effectiveness of the firm's risk-management system. 
SOURCE: FM:004 
SOURCE: Codjia, M. (1999-2012). Proper way to present a financial statement. Retrieved March 7, 
2012, from http://www.ehow.com/about_7467971_proper-way-present-financial
statement.html 
64. D 
Manager. Managers are internal users of a business's financial data. Managers use these data—often in 
the form of custom-designed financial reports—to control day-to-day operations and to make financial 
decisions and plans that affect the business. They rely on the data to help them make smart decisions, 
so it is imperative that the data are reported accurately. Investors, creditors, and government tax 
collectors also use a business's financial data, but they are all considered to be external users of the data 
because they do not work for the company. 
SOURCE: FM:004 
SOURCE: Maps of World. (2012, February 9). Users of financial statements. Retrieved March 7, 2012, 
from http://finance.mapsofworld.com/financial-report/statement/users.html 
65. C 
Accounting focuses on the past, while finance focuses on the future. The accounting function is 
responsible for keeping and interpreting financial records based on past financial transactions. Finance, 
on the other hand, is responsible for obtaining funds and using them to achieve the goals of the 
business. Essentially, finance—which is broader than accounting—looks for ways to help the business be 
successful in the future. 
SOURCE: FM:005 
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (pp. 102-103). South-Western 
Cengage Learning. 
2012 HS ICDC                                      
FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY                                                    
26 
66. D 
Decision making. While the emphases in accounting are on recording and reporting financial data in the 
form of financial statements, the emphasis in finance is on decision making. Financial managers must 
make decisions about a company's investments and financing. Specifically, they are responsible for 
determining what types of assets the company should own, as well as the proper mix of those assets. 
Financial managers are also responsible for deciding which method or methods of financing will be most 
beneficial for the company. Bookkeeping is an aspect of accounting, and closing the books is the final 
step of the accounting cycle. While financial managers may calculate liquidity ratios to determine the 
company's ability to turn its assets into cash and pay its bills on time, they are just as likely to use other 
ratios, including asset management, debt management, profitability, and market performance ratios, to 
evaluate business performance. 
SOURCE: FM:005 
SOURCE: Accountantkey. (2009, June 15). The financial warfare: Accounting vs. finance? Retrieved 
March 7, 2012, from http://www.accountantkey.com/what-is-the-difference-between
accounting-and-finance 
67. B 
Accrual. Businesses using the accrual accounting method journalize income and expenditures at the time 
they occur even if no money changes hands at that time. This means, for instance, that the business 
enters the amount of a transaction into the appropriate journal when a customer makes a credit purchase 
or when the business orders goods from a supplier. No money changes hands at the time, but the 
business's records indicate the transaction as either income or an expense. Cash accounting involves 
recording income and expenditures at the time the money changes hands. This means that the business 
enters the amount of a transaction into one of its journals on the day the money is received from a 
customer or paid out to a creditor. Tax accounting is essentially accounting for tax purposes. Aspects of 
tax accounting include preparing tax strategies and completing tax forms. Double entry accounting is a 
bookkeeping method that involves recording each transaction in two or more different accounts, resulting 
in a credit to at least one account and a debit to at least one other account. 
SOURCE: FM:006 
SOURCE: Dlabay, L.R., & Burrow, J.L. (2008). Business finance (p. 106). South-Western Cengage 
Learning. 
68. D 
Cost. Cost accounting, also referred to as management or managerial accounting, involves preparing 
and reporting financial data to internal users, usually managers, who need financial information to control 
day-to-day operations and to make financial decisions and plans affecting the business. Financial 
accounting is a type of accounting that involves preparing and reporting financial data to external users 
who are not directly involved in business operations. Cash accounting involves recording income and 
expenditures at the time the money changes hands. This means that the business enters the amount of a 
transaction into one of its journals on the day the money is received from a customer or paid out to a 
creditor. Tax accounting is essentially accounting for tax purposes. Aspects of tax accounting include 
preparing tax strategies and completing tax forms. 
SOURCE: FM:006 
SOURCE: Alvis, J.M. (2012). Cost accounting. Retrieved March 7, 2012, from 
http://www.referenceforbusiness.com/management/Comp-De/Cost-Accounting.html 
2012 HS ICDC                                      
FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY                                                    
27 
69. A 
Financial ratios. A ratio is a comparison created when one number is divided into another. A financial 
ratio is the comparison of two numbers from a business's financial statement. Financial ratio analysis is 
commonly used by businesses to see relationships between dollars, numbers, and percentages. Many 
businesses compare their current financial ratios to those calculated using last year's financial 
statements, the statements for the year before that, etc. By comparing these financial ratios over time, 
the businesses can identify trends and patterns in their sales, spending, liquidity, etc. Bookkeeping is an 
aspect of accounting. Opportunity cost is the benefit that is lost when you decide to use scarce resources 
for one purpose rather than another. Market timing is a form of the “buy low and sell high” trading 
strategy in which investors purchase securities at low prices and sell them at high prices to profit from the 
difference. 
SOURCE: FM:008 
SOURCE: CliffsNotes. (2000-2012). Ratio analysis. Retrieved March 7, 2012, from 
http://www.cliffsnotes.com/study_guide/Ratio-Analysis.topicArticleId-21248,articleId
21213.html 
70. C 
Horizontal. Horizontal analysis, which is also sometimes referred to as trend analysis, involves reviewing 
and comparing data on a business's financial statements over a period of several quarters or years. By 
comparing data on financial statements over time, the business can identify trends and patterns in its 
sales, spending, liquidity, etc. Vertical analysis involves reporting each amount on a financial statement 
as a percentage of another item appearing on the same financial statement. The percentages or restated 
amounts from the different financial statements are presented as common-size financial statements. 
Break-even analysis's purpose is to identify the level of sales needed to reach the break-even point at 
various prices. A competitive analysis is the process of comparing a business's income statement with 
that of its competitors to see how it is doing by industry standards. 
SOURCE: FM:008 
SOURCE: Haverkamp, H. (2004-2012). What is the difference between vertical analysis and horizontal 
analysis? Retrieved March 7, 2012, from http://blog.accountingcoach.com/vertical-analysis
horizontal-analysis/ 
71. D 
Analyze the customer's credit application, credit report, bank information, and financial statements. 
Businesses commonly analyze their customers' financial information when determining whether or not to 
extend credit to these customers. At the very least, a business such as the automotive parts supplier 
should analyze a customer's credit application, credit report, bank information, and financial statements 
before approving or denying credit for the customer. It is not feasible for the supplier to contact its 
shareholders and ask for permission to extend credit to its customers. The supplier's financial 
accountants are not likely to discuss the customer's request for credit; the company's credit analyst(s) 
would make the decision. While learning the qualifications and work histories of the customer's 
management team could be helpful, it is much more important to analyze the customer's financial 
information prior to approving or denying credit for the customer. 
SOURCE: FM:009 
SOURCE: Dennis, M.C. (2011). Evaluating financial health. Retrieved March 7, 2012, from 
http://www.encyclopediaofcredit.com/Evaluating-Financial-Health 
2012 HS ICDC                                      
FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY                                                    
28 
72. A 
Variance. A variance is the difference between a budgeted amount and an actual amount. Business 
managers often conduct variance analysis to determine if their businesses have spent or received more 
or less money than was budgeted. If there is a discrepancy between what was budgeted and what was 
actually spent or received, then managers can investigate the cause(s) of the variance and handle the 
situation as necessary. Break-even analysis is conducted to identify the level of sales needed to reach 
the break-even point at various prices. Investors commonly conduct fundamental analysis, which is the 
study of all aspects of a company in an attempt to understand its intrinsic value. Cash-flow analysis is 
used to predict whether the cash generated by a business can cover the operation expenses and loan 
repayments. 
SOURCE: FM:010 
SOURCE: Palmer, D.A. (2012). Financial management development: Budgetary control and variance 
analysis. Retrieved March 8, 2012, from 
http://www.financialmanagementdevelopment.com/Slides/handouts/213.pdf 
73. A 
Consistent. An accounting treatment is a set of rules that specifies how to handle specific accounts and 
transactions such as capital expenditures. The accounting treatment of like items should be consistent 
within each reporting period and from one reporting period to the next. If a company does not treat a 
particular account or type of transaction consistently from period to period or year to year, the data 
become incomparable, less meaningful, and possibly even useless to users of the company's financial 
information. If investors or financial experts analyze the company's financial data and discover that the 
accounting treatment of capital expenditures varies—and if the company has no valid explanation for not 
treating these expenditures the same way during different reporting periods—the investors and financial 
analysts may avoid investing in that particular company. Therefore, it is usually in a company's best 
interest to be consistent in their accounting treatment of different accounts and transactions. Accounting 
treatment of capital expenditures should not be flexible, hedged, or callable over multiple reporting 
periods. 
SOURCE: FM:010 
SOURCE: Shanker, S. (2011, July 20). Capital expenditure accounting treatment. Retrieved March 8, 
2012, from http://www.ehow.com/about_7285561_capital-expenditure-accounting
treatment.html 
74. D 
Onboarding. Human-resources management tasks that are performed when a new employee joins the 
company are onboarding activities. Onboarding activities include ensuring that the new employee 
completes the necessary tax and insurance forms and arranging direct paycheck deposit into the 
employee's bank account. Recruiting, interviewing, and organizing are not onboarding activities. 
Recruiting involves seeking out and attracting qualified employees. Interviewing is a recruiting activity 
that involves speaking with a job candidate to discuss his/her qualifications in detail. Organizing is the 
management function of setting up the way the business's work will be done. 
SOURCE: HR:410 
SOURCE: HR LAP 35—People Pusher (Nature of Human Resources Management) 
75. B 
Convenience. Trevor is most likely motivated to buy from this particular store because it is close and 
convenient to his business. If Trevor needs cleaning supplies right away, he just has to walk across the 
street to buy them. Although brand, price, and product dependability might influence his buying behavior, 
there is not enough information provided to determine if these factors are important to Trevor in this 
situation. 
SOURCE: MK:014 
SOURCE: Perreault, W.D., Cannon, J.P., & McCarthy, E.J. (2008). Basic marketing: A marketing 
strategy planning approach (16th ed.) [pp. 152-154]. Boston: McGraw-Hill/Irwin. 
2012 HS ICDC                                      
FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY                                                    
29 
76. A 
Visit the bank's web site. Because many businesses post and update product information on their web 
sites, their customers can access information they need 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Many 
customers obtain product information from web sites because it is quick, convenient, accurate, and 
secure. A bank's financial officer does not usually take routine customer-service calls and may not be 
available to take a customer's call. Customers usually do not need to make appointments with bank 
tellers. Driving to the bank to get a product brochure is not as efficient as visiting the bank's web site. 
Because the interest rates for financial products change, product brochures may not contain the most 
current rates. 
SOURCE: NF:078 
SOURCE: Huntington National Bank. (2012). Rate finder. Retrieved February 28, 2012 from 
https://www.huntington.com/GetRatesServlet?product=CD 
77. D 
Web host, domain name. After creating a web page, the developer needs to post the web page through a 
web host (web server) or Internet service provider (IPS). The web host may charge a fee to post and 
store the web page, although some web hosts will provide the service free of charge. The domain name 
is the business's web address. Internet users enter the web address to view Stella's web site. Stella can 
register her domain name directly with the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers 
(ICANN). Or, Stella can work with her web host to register the domain name for her. Stella does not need 
to register a hyperlink, media permit, or file link with any organization. A hyperlink (link) is the component 
of an electronic document (file) that can be clicked on in order to jump to another place within the 
document or into a different document. A modem is an internal or external computer communications 
device that is used to transmit information over a particular medium such as telephone lines or television 
cables. Ethernet is a local area network. 
SOURCE: NF:042 
SOURCE: WebHostingSearch.com. (2010, December 8). 3 steps in publishing your website. Retrieved 
February 27, 2012, from http://www.webhostingsearch.com/articles/how-to-publish-your
website.php 
78. B 
Purchasing habits. An invoice is the formal, printed record of a sale that includes all necessary 
information as to the buyer, the seller, items purchased, amounts, prices, delivery date, credit or discount 
terms, etc. By analyzing past sales records such as invoices, a business can determine what its 
customers are buying, when they are buying, and how much they are buying. This helps a business to 
forecast future sales and to be prepared to offer the products that customers want. Businesses do not 
review invoices to evaluate their customers' business plans, storage needs, or selling policies. 
SOURCE: NF:002 
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L. (2006). Marketing (2nd ed.) [pp.120-121]. Mason, OH: South-Western. 
79. A 
Monitor emerging trends. Because the world is constantly changing, businesses need to continuously 
pay attention to trends and adjust their activities accordingly to remain competitive in the marketplace. If 
a business fails to act in response to the various types of changes—technological, market, industry—it is 
likely to lose business to competitors, which may result in business failure or closure. A business is not 
likely to obtain a competitor's business records, many of which are confidential. Successful businesses 
select their target markets carefully because they understand that it is not possible to appeal to all 
markets. The decision to expand internationally depends on the type of business and its organizational 
goals. 
SOURCE: NF:013 
SOURCE: Lee, R. (2012). How to keep up with emerging business trends. Retrieved March 5, 2012, 
from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/keep-up-emerging-business-trends-24711.html 
2012 HS ICDC                                      
FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY                                                    
30 
80. A 
Holding. The money it takes to keep inventory in stock is called holding cost. Holding costs include 
storage space, taxes, and insurance. By minimizing its holding costs, a business is taking steps to reduce 
its overall operating costs. Maintenance costs are expenses associated with the upkeep of the business's 
facility and equipment. Production costs are expenses associated with the creation of goods and 
services. Stockout costs are associated with running out of needed inventory and are considered in terms 
of lost money and sales, lost productivity, and lost customer satisfaction. 
SOURCE: OP:189 
SOURCE: OP LAP 3—Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations) 
81. A 
Reasonable care. The duty of reasonable care is a common-law principle supporting the idea that each 
person and business should use caution, watch out for one another, and act in a socially responsible 
way. A business that fails to fix unsafe electrical wiring after several warnings is being socially 
irresponsible. Therefore, it is breaching its duty of reasonable care because it is placing its employees 
and customers in danger. The example is not a breach of duty of personal reform, general authority, or 
charitable trust. 
SOURCE: OP:004 
SOURCE: Miller, R.L., & Jentz, G.A. (2005). Fundamentals of business law (6th ed.) [pp. 90-91, 453, 
470-471]. Mason, OH: Thomson/South-Western. 
82. B 
Encrypting computer files. Encryption is the process of transforming information into a secret code so that 
specified individuals can read it. By encrypting confidential computer files, the business protects the 
information from unauthorized access by internal and external sources. For optimal protection from 
computer viruses, businesses should conduct computer virus scans continuously rather than once a 
year. Activities such as classifying information and developing Internet message boards do not protect 
the information from unauthorized users. 
SOURCE: OP:153 
SOURCE: Hewlett-Packard. (2011). Protect confidential information. Retrieved February 23, 2012, from 
http://h41112.www4.hp.com/promo/obc/uk/en/business-it-advice/protect-your
business/protect-confidential-information.html 
83. D 
Gantt chart. Developed by Henry Gantt, the Gantt chart is a type of bar chart that is specifically designed 
to graphically depict a project's work breakdown structure in a horizontal format in relation to time. Project 
managers often use Gantt charts to schedule and track the progress of their projects. A pyramid diagram 
or chart presents data in a hierarchical format. A bubble chart is a type of scatter chart that is often used 
to compare data. A Venn diagram indicates the overlapping relationships among finite sets of data.  
Pyramid diagrams, bubble charts, and Venn diagrams are not tools that are specifically designed to 
schedule and track projects. 
SOURCE: OP:002 
SOURCE: Campbell, G.M., & Baker, S. (2007). The complete idiot's guide to project management  
(4th ed.) [pp. 132-133]. New York: Penguin Group. 
84. B 
Average product usage amount per month. Businesses need office supplies to operate efficiently. The 
types and quantities of supplies vary by business. To determine the optimal level of inventory to keep on 
hand, Claire needs to first determine the average amount of the product used for a certain time period, 
such as a month. For example, if the business goes through two cases of copy paper in June and three 
cases in July and four cases in August, the average or optimal amount to keep on hand is three cases of 
copy paper. By determining an average usage amount of routine supplies, the business does not tie up 
funds by purchasing too many items or risk running out of the items. Employees' preferences, the 
budgeting method, and the vendors' daily sales promotions are not primary considerations when 
determining the optimal level of supplies that the business should keep on hand. 
SOURCE: OP:031 
SOURCE: Eastridge, H. (n.d.). How to maintain office supplies. Retrieved February 23, 2012, from 
http://www.ehow.com/how_5108622_maintain-office-supplies.html 
2012 HS ICDC                                      
FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY                                                    
31 
85. C 
Brainstorming ideas Brainstorming is a common way to generate ideas and solve problems. During a 
brainstorming session, one or more individuals present ideas (solutions) during a set time frame. The 
main goal is to throw out as many ideas as possible within the set time frame, but not evaluate them. 
Oftentimes, new ideas are generated from ones that have been presented during the brainstorming 
session. Detecting the issue or the problem is first step of the problem-solving process. After detecting 
the problem, it is important to check assumptions and collect data relevant to the problem. After 
determining possible solutions, individuals select, implement, and evaluate the solution. 
SOURCE: PD:077 
SOURCE: PD LAP 17—No Problem (Demonstrate Problem-Solving Skills) 
86. D 
Angel investor, entrepreneur. An entrepreneur is an individual who identifies an opportunity to create new 
value, develops and offers a unique product, assumes the risks of starting and building a business, 
focuses on the improvement and growth of that business, and receives personal and financial rewards for 
her/his efforts. An angel investor is someone who provides start-up money to a new business. A 
franchisee is someone who buys the right to sell the goods or services of the parent company 
(franchisor). A manager is an individual responsible for the coordination of resources in order to 
accomplish an organization's goals. Loan officers are employees who coordinate the loan process for 
their employers (e.g., bank, mortgage company) and the loan applicant. A licensor is the owner of 
copyrighted, patented, or trademarked material. A sponsor is a business, individual, or organization that 
pays a fee to be associated with another organization's event. 
SOURCE: PD:066 
SOURCE: PD LAP 4—Own Your Own (Career Opportunities in Entrepreneurship) 
87. B 
Summarize why you are a good candidate for the job. A letter of application serves as a way to introduce 
yourself, express your interest in a job with the company, and briefly describe why you are a good 
candidate for the job. Job seekers should provide a list of references in a separate document. Critical 
information should be included in the résumé rather than the letter of application. Job seekers should not 
indicate their availability for interviewing in a letter of application because it is rude and arrogant. 
SOURCE: PD:030 
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G., & Vineyard, B.S. (2006). Succeeding in the world of work (pp. 125-126). New 
York: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill. 
88. A 
Treasurer. A treasurer working in corporate finance typically oversees the business's cash management, 
capital raising, and investment activities. The treasurer is also usually responsible for the business's 
financial goals and objectives. Risk managers and cash managers are also financial managers, but their 
duties are more limited than those of the treasurer. Risk and insurance managers oversee the company's 
risk-management programs as well as the organizational insurance budget. Cash managers monitor the 
organization's cash flow. Underwriters work in the insurance industry. They are responsible for 
calculating the risk of loss, establishing premium rates, and designing policies to cover risk. 
SOURCE: PD:152 
SOURCE: QS LAP 51—Careers in the Money (Careers in Financial Services) 
89. C 
Brokerage house. The most common type of firm that specializes in trading securities is the brokerage 
house. Agents who work for brokerage houses, trading securities for clients, are known by titles such as 
brokers, stockbrokers, registered representatives, and account executives. They must pass difficult 
exams to obtain the licensing necessary for trading on the stock exchange. Investment banks specialize 
in helping corporations and governments issue securities. They also aid in complicated financial matters 
such as mergers and acquisitions. An insurance carrier is an insurance company. It sells policies to 
individuals and businesses to protect them from financial losses resulting from an accident or disaster. 
Actuaries typically work for insurance companies and are responsible for assessing risk using statistical 
analysis and for helping to design policies to minimize the cost of that risk. 
SOURCE: PD:152 
SOURCE: QS LAP 51—Careers in the Money (Careers in Financial Services) 
2012 HS ICDC                                      
FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY                                                    
32 
90. C 
Martha Winters, Certified Public Accountant. Many professions require businesspeople to complete 
continuing education courses to maintain their certifications and licensures. Because Certified public 
accountants work with financial data, they need to keep up with changes in regulations, including taxes. 
Security advisors, accounts-receivable supervisors, and product-acquisition (purchasing) managers need 
to keep up with changes in their fields; however, these positions do not usually require extensive 
knowledge about changes in tax regulations. 
SOURCE: PD:033 
SOURCE: AGC of America. (2012). State-by-state listing of continuing education license requirements. 
Retrieved March 4, 2012, from 
http://www.agc.org/cs/continuing_education_license_requirements 
91. C 
Certified Management Accountant (CMA). Management accountants typically prepare financial reports 
for managers and other internal users. In turn, these managers and other internal users use the data to 
control day-to-day operations and to make financial decisions and plans that affect the company. 
Management accountants also typically help create company budgets, prepare and review company tax 
returns, and analyze the company finances, among other things. The Certified Management Accountant 
(CMA) designation is the most appropriate certification for management accountants such as Tosha. A 
Certified Public Accountant (CPA) is a general accountant who completes a variety of tasks for multiple 
clients. These tasks are likely to include preparing individual clients' tax returns, conducting audits, and 
assisting with financial planning. A Certified Internal Auditor (CIA) is usually responsible for assessing the 
accuracy of his/her company's accounting records and determining if the company's internal controls are 
effective. A Certified Fraud Examiner (CFE) typically detects, investigates, and prevents cases of 
accounting fraud. 
SOURCE: PD:082 
SOURCE: AllBusinessSchools. (2002-2012). Role of the management accountant. Retrieved March 5, 
2012, from http://www.allbusinessschools.com/business-careers/accounting/management
accounting 
92. C 
Local Society of Financial Planning Professionals. If Hank is interested in meeting other area financial 
planners in person regularly to discuss trends and issues impacting financial planning, he would be wise 
to join a local organization such as the Local Society of Financial Planning Professionals. Since the 
members work in close proximity to each other, they are more likely to hold face-to-face meetings on a 
regular basis. A national or international professional organization may not necessarily have a chapter in 
Hank's area. 
SOURCE: PD:153 
SOURCE: Curtis, G. (2010, June 15). Financial professionals: The benefits of joining an association. 
Retrieved March 5, 2012, from 
http://www.investopedia.com/articles/financialcareers/06/professionalorganization.asp#axzz1
 oGTYwB7r 
93. B 
Reciprocal. Strong professional relationships are essential for success in the finance industry, and for 
these relationships to be strong, they must also be reciprocal. A reciprocal relationship is one in which 
each member of the relationship helps the other. In finance, this usually means referring clients to each 
other for the different services that they require. For instance, a bank loan officer may refer clients to a 
particular insurance agent for their homeowners' insurance. Likewise, that insurance agent would refer 
clients interested in refinancing their mortgage or purchasing a home to the bank loan officer. A strong 
professional relationship in finance is not a one-sided or majority-rule relationship. Instead, the 
professionals should help each other and consider each other to be equals. A strong professional 
relationship is not necessarily easily maintained. 
SOURCE: PD:153 
SOURCE: Hoban, S. (2011). Building business relationships. Retrieved March 5, 2012, from 
http://www.ciremagazine.com/article.php?article_id=30 
2012 HS ICDC                                      
FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY                                                    
33 
94. C 
Understanding loss experience and exposure to an insurance underwriter. Ethical behavior and risk 
management are closely related. Unethical behavior can expose a company to a variety of different risks. 
To manage these risks, a risk manager must exercise ethical behavior and expect it of other employees 
within the company as well. A wide range of internal ethical hazards arise when working with an 
insurance company. If the risk manager unethically understates the company's loss experience or loss 
exposure to an insurance underwriter to reduce the company's insurance premium, s/he exposes the 
company to legal and financial risks. A risk manager can reduce his/her company's exposure to risk by 
working with a public accounting firm that has a whistleblower mechanism, contracting with an insurer 
with a reputation of adequate claims reserving, and questioning a supplier's history of disobeying state 
and federal regulations. 
SOURCE: RM:041 
SOURCE: Carris, R. & Duska, R. (n.d.). Ethics and the risk manager. Retrieved March 5, 2012, from 
http://www.rmmag.com/Magazine/PrintTemplate.cfm?AID=1921 
95. C 
Risk modeling. Businesses commonly use risk modeling to quantify the potential losses that they would 
incur if certain events took place, such as a tornado destroying a company's largest manufacturing plant. 
Because risk modeling is a very complex process, businesses usually rely on risk-management 
technology to aid in the analyses and forecasts. Cost-benefit analysis involves quantifying the costs and 
benefits of a certain project to determine the most appropriate course of action to pursue. Risk 
transference is a risk-response strategy that involves moving the impact of a risk to someone or 
something else. In investing, fundamental analysis is the study of all aspects of a company in an effort to 
understand its intrinsic value. 
SOURCE: RM:042 
SOURCE: Risk modeling. (2012, February 13). Retrieved March 5, 2012, from 
http://www.mth.kcl.ac.uk/~kuehn/riskmodeling.html 
96. C 
Automated oversight. Risk managers can use automated oversight technology to assign specific risk 
limits to individual divisions, departments, or employees. If focused on individual employees, the 
automated oversight technology tracks each employee's activity to determine if and when s/he exceeds 
the pre-set risk limit. If the employee exceeds his/her limit, the software notifies management 
immediately. Management can then take the necessary actions to reduce the risk exposure. Financial 
analysts use stress testing to determine a particular financial instrument's stability in different extreme 
events. Data aggregation involves pulling together data from several disparate systems into one central 
repository or database. Corporate governance is the system by which directors handle their responsibility 
toward shareholders. 
SOURCE: RM:042 
SOURCE: Kannan, N., & Thangavel, N. (2008). Risk management in the financial services industry: An 
overview. Retrieved March 5, 2012, from http://www.acadjournal.com/2008/V22/part7/p1/ 
97. D 
Reduces tax due on the captive's premiums. Even if it is not associated with an insurance company, an 
individual company, industry, or association may create a captive insurance company to specifically 
protect its parent group(s). The captive insurer aids its parent group(s) by reducing premium expenses, 
freeing up capital, and covering risks not commonly addressed by the greater insurance company. In 
addition, forming a captive insurance company can reduce, eliminate, or defer federal taxes due on the 
corporation's insurance premiums. A captive insurer typically decreases the tax due on a company's loss 
reserves. Forming a captive insurance company does not typically increase the corporation's sales tax 
liabilities, nor does it eliminate the corporation's state tax liabilities. 
SOURCE: RM:043 
SOURCE: Unger, A.M. (2007, Winter/Spring). Captive insurance can help manage risk. Retrieved 
March 6, 2012, from http://folio.crowehorwath.com/files/PDF/PCS6189_CaptiveInsurance.pdf 
2012 HS ICDC                                      
FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY                                                    
34 
98. C 
Product. One aspect of risk management involves limiting a company's liability exposures as much as 
possible. Even though only four people have injured themselves using the 2X400 Chop It Right blender—
 and there's no indication that any of these consumers are taking legal action against the company—
 Reggie knows that continuing to sell the blender could open the company up to expensive product
liability lawsuits. Therefore, to limit the risk of being sued and having to pay thousands of dollars in 
damages, the company should discontinue sales of that particular blender. Reggie is not attempting to 
limit his company's employee-, employment-, or fiduciary-liability exposures. 
SOURCE: RM:043 
SOURCE: BizMove.com. (n.d.). Effective risk management. Retrieved March 6, 2012, from 
http://www.bizmove.com/general/m6o.htm 
99. D 
Internal controls are a component of enterprise risk management. An internal control system consists of 
procedures and practices designed to ensure compliance, protect resources, and increase reliability of 
company data. Risk management and internal control systems are both key components of enterprise 
risk management (ERM). Company management uses ERM to assess, manage, and limit risks 
throughout business operations and across all business departments, divisions, etc. By assessing, 
managing, and limiting the company's risks, the enterprise risk management system (including internal 
controls and risk management) helps the business to reach its objectives and goals. Although an internal 
control system can reduce risk, it cannot eliminate all risk. Internal control systems and risk management 
work together in an organization; a business cannot have one without the other. Even if a company has 
an internal control system, periodic monitoring and reporting of business processes and data are still 
necessary. 
SOURCE: RM:058 
SOURCE: NIVRA Taskforce on Internal Control. (2007). Discussion paper: Risk management and 
internal control systems. Retrieved March 6, 2012, from 
http://www.nba.nl/Documents/Vaktechnisch
thema/Corporate%20Governance/DiscussionPaper_RiskManagement.pdf 
100. C 
Strategic. Businesses typically use strategic controls to help company executives and managers 
understand the impact that external forces and risks can have on business and strategic, long-range 
plans. Management controls focus much more on internal risk and control. Management-control activities 
present throughout the organization help the business to identify, assess, and react to business risks 
successfully. Process controls should be present in every business function. Each process control is 
specific to a certain business activity and works to preserve the integrity and reliability of data, products, 
and processes. Variable controls are not commonly associated with risk management. 
SOURCE: RM:058 
SOURCE: Council on Library and Information Resources. (2012). Appendix I: The business risk model. 
Retrieved March 6, 2012, from http://www.clir.org/pubs/reports/pub90/appendix1.html 