1. Sheree, who owns a popular family-style restaurant, recently asked her attorney to prepare a document 
to protect her famous chicken noodle soup recipe. Sheree signed the document containing the recipe 
and had it notarized. This document is designed to protect Sheree's A. copyright.  C. trademark.  B. trade secret.  D. patent. 
 
  2. What is typically the most significant role of a compliance officer in a bank, investment company, or 
insurance company? A. To ensure that the company is following financial laws  B. To enforce the business's code of conduct  C. To educate employees on industry ethics  D. To ensure employees follow company policies and procedures  
 
  3. An annual audit is an example of a(n) __________ internal control. A. corrective  C. reconciliation  B. detective  D. preventative  
 
  4. Which of the following is a benefit of using artificial intelligence in compliance: A. Increases costs  C. Reduces human error  B. Increases false positives  D. Reduces efficiency  
 
  5. Mooreshead Bank has placed a claim on Marc's property to protect Mooreshead from financial loss if 
Marc is unable to pay back his bank loan. Mooreshead has secured a __________ against Marc's 
property. A. license  C. label  B. lien  D. ledger 
 
  6. Charlotte, an investment advisor, does more than simply sell stocks and bonds. She also provides 
investing advice to her clients on an ongoing basis. She talks with clients about their short-term and long-
term investing goals and helps them select the investments that are best for them. Charlotte acts as her 
clients' A. credit analyst.  C. fiduciary.  B. accountant.  D. institutional investor. 
 
  7. Robert has learned that his company will announce a round of layoffs in two weeks. Robert decides to 
sell some of the stock options he had in the company before the news of the layoffs goes public. He tells 
his friends to do the same. This is an example of A. extortion.  C. corporate fraud.  B. corporate espionage.  D. insider trading.  
 
  8. Raheem recently sold an investment that he had owned for five years. He sold the investment for 
considerably more money than he had spent on it originally. Raheem is likely to owe __________ tax on 
the profit that he made from the sale of the investment. A. income  C. short-term capital gains  B. long-term capital gains  D. excise  
 
  9. What is a benefit of having established policies for taking breaks and requesting time off? A. Less confusion among employees  C. More open door policies  B. More power for management  D. Fewer government incentives  
 
 10. Which of the following is a good way to end a business phone call: A. Offer your email address if the caller needs additional information.  B. List all of the points made in the call.  C. Make small talk about the caller's day.  D. Wait for the caller to speak before deciding the call is over.  
 

                                                                                                  
 
 11. What should be included early in a written report? A. A description of the research method and findings  B. A broad sentence detailing numerous arguments  C. A listing of the printed and online sources cited in the report  D. A specific sentence that highlights the main idea of the report  
 
 12. A video conference call is a __________ channel of communication. A. lean  C. slight  B. rich  D. detailed  
 
 13. A magazine advertisement is an example of A. word-of-mouth marketing.  C. a touchpoint.  B. publicity.  D. a brand promise.  
 
 14. Which of the following forms of customer management is most likely to look outward and have a 
customer-centric focus: A. Customer relationship management  C. Structured customer management  B. Customer experience management  D. Inverse customer management  
 
 15. What is the primary role of financial planners? A. To ensure businesses are compliant with government regulation  B. To make the most money for their own firms  C. To trade with other planners in the stock market  D. To help clients make wise investments and prepare for the future  
 
 16. What is the primary purpose of customer-relationship management technology? A. To compile a mass email list  B. To make phone calls to keep customers interested  C. To archive past sales only  D. To establish stronger connections with customers  
 
 17. Businesses use marginal analysis for the purpose of A. maximizing profit.  C. eliminating mistakes.  B. increasing productivity.  D. maintaining reputation.   
 
 18. Valerie used to wait all year for her family's trip to the beach, where she bought saltwater taffy and 
homemade fudge. Now, she can order the sweets online and have them whenever she wants. This is an 
example of how A. utility is constant and unchanging.  C. business can create form utility.  B. place utility is not important.  D. the Internet has changed utility.  
 
 19. A company moves its manufacturing facilities to another country, where it is able to pay employees much 
less money. Many people see this action as unethical, but what reason might the company use to defend 
itself? A. The action is acceptable in a foreign culture.  B. The action is committed by unethical employees.  C. The action is beneficial for employees.  D. The action results in a negative public image.  
 
 20. A company's board of directors is often responsible for __________ and __________ the top executives. A. encouraging; shadowing  C. replacing; auditing  B. supporting; assessing  D. promoting; networking   
 
                                                                                                      3 
 
 21. In the 1970s, OPEC (Organization of the Petroleum-Exporting Countries) increased the price of oil as a 
form of political protest against the United States. This pushed up the costs of many goods and services 
in the United States. This is an example of A. cost-push inflation.  C. cost-push deflation.  B. demand-pull deflation.  D. demand-pull inflation.  
 
 22. The biggest traders of currency on the foreign exchange market are A. individual traders.  C. investment funds.  B. commercial and investment banks.  D. businesses and corporations.  
 
 23. Jackson is sure that no one will notice if he steals merchandise from his employer. Jackson is facing an 
ethical dilemma because of A. a bad role model.  C. pressure from others.  B. a lack of consequences.  D. a desire to prove himself.  
 
 24. Which of the following strategies can help you develop cultural sensitivity in the workplace: A. Reading about different cultures  C. Asking everyone to dress the same  B. Pretending cultural differences do not exist  D. Joking about every culture equally  
 
 25. Which of the following is an advantage of transparent communication in the workplace: A. Increased information security  C. Increased employee turnover  B. Increased worker productivity  D. Increased manager turnover  
 
 26. Which of the following is an effective approach to negotiation: A. Be willing to adjust your strategy based on the other side's approach.  B. Do not have a specific goal or target in mind.  C. Display strong emotional reactions.  D. Try to trick the other side with carefully chosen language.  
 
 27. Which of the following statements best describes office politics: A. Engaging in office politics will advance your career.  B. Office politics are negative and should be avoided.  C. Engaging in office politics can be beneficial.  D. Office politics are damaging to work relationships.  
 
 28. How are vote taking and consensus building different? A. In consensus building, every group member must agree on a decision.  B. In vote taking, every group member must agree on a decision.  C. In vote taking, a minority of group members make a decision.  D. In consensus building, a minority of group members make a decision.  
 
 29. Why do active listeners paraphrase what a speaker or presenter has said? A. To help the listeners recognize the speaker's nonverbal cues  B. To help the speaker learn how to speak more clearly  C. To show that they agree with the speaker's message  D. To confirm the speaker's message and show understanding  
 
 30. Which of the following is most likely to limit your ability to assess the long-term impact of a decision: A. Negative outcomes  C. Positive outcomes  B. Personal experience  D. Personal bias  
 
 31. What do open-end investment funds and closed-end investment funds have in common? A. They can issue an unlimited number of shares over time.  B. They are run by professional portfolio managers.  C. Their pricing is determined by supply and demand.  D. They are also known as mutual funds.  
 
                                                                                                      4 
 
 32. Sam participates in the London Stock Exchange, where investors trade stock amongst themselves 
without involvement from the issuing companies. Which of the following best describes this type of 
market: A. Virtual market  C. Secondary market  B. Primary market  D. Tertiary market  
 
 33. Which of the following is true about the debt market: A. It is known for being unstable by nature.  C. Its participants may benefit from dividends.  B. It is commonly called the stock market.  D. Its investments typically involve less risk.  
 
 34. One risk of business consolidation is A. growth of market share.  C. diversification of products.  B. elimination of redundancy.  D. clashes in corporate culture.  
 
 35. Clara works for a bank that has just developed an arrangement with an insurance company, allowing it to 
sell its products to the bank's clients. This is known as a __________ arrangement. A. bait-and-switch  C. brick-and-click  B. BATNA  D. bancassurance  
 
 36. A country's unemployment rate impacts the economy because when people are unemployed, they lose 
their A. absolute advantage.  C. purchasing power.  B. individual identity.  D. corporate connection.  
 
 37. James demonstrates home bias in his investments, which means he A. is limited by the markets of foreign countries.  B. maintains a diversified investment portfolio.  C. takes advantage of increased financial globalization.  D. could be heavily affected by a domestic market event.  
 
 38. Ann-Marie is preparing an annual report. While many people might look at the report, Ann-Marie needs to 
remember that this report's main audience is A. the CEO.  C. possible employees.  B. customers.  D. shareholders.  
 
 39. If a company wants to list its securities on the New York Stock Exchange, it must select a __________ 
ticker symbol. A. 4-letter  C. unique  B. double digit  D. color  
 
 40. Corinne has recently decided to put her money into a lending investment. Which of the following might 
she choose: A. Collectibles  C. Bonds  B. Stocks  D. Real estate 
 
 41. How can accountants demonstrate due care? A. Request competitive compensation  C. Refrain from making any mistakes  B. Serve local communities for free  D. Engage in professional development  
 
 42. Which of the following is a source of cash that flows into a business: A. Loans  C. Taxes  B. Payroll  D. Rent  
 
 43. Jane examined the equity statement for a company in which she invested to see her A. par value.  C. treasury stock.  B. retained earnings.  D. dividends.  
 
                                                                                                      5 
 
 44. The Kodiak Company does not pay dividends to its shareholders. In which of the following equity 
statement components would this money appear instead: A. Treasury stock  C. Retained earnings  B. Outstanding shares  D. Cash flow  
 
 45. In general, what is the relationship between finance managers and accountants? A. Finance managers determine what monetary records accountants keep.  B. Accountants approve the decisions that finance managers make about money.  C. Accountants record the information that finance managers need to make decisions. D. Finance managers rely on accountants to decide on the acquisition of funds. 
 
 46. One key difference between out-of-pocket costs and sunk costs is A. value.  C. accessibility.  B. timing.  D. ownership.  
 
 47. A manager must decide whether to make products in-house or outsource manufacturing. In this scenario, 
the company's committed costs are likely to be A. relevant costs.  C. cash inflows.  B. irrelevant costs.  D. cash receipts.  
 
 48. A company needs a new customer relationship management system, and it is choosing between two 
software companies. One has a more expensive monthly fee but no startup costs. The other has a lower 
monthly cost but includes a startup fee. Which of the following techniques would help the company 
determine which option is more cost-effective: A. Marginal analysis  C. Vertical analysis  B. Return on investment  D. Sales forecasting  
 
 49. What is one way in which customer relationship management (CRM) data cleansing is useful to 
businesses? A. Data cleansing helps businesses create duplicate data.  B. CRM software has a limited data capacity.  C. Data cleansing helps businesses archive old data.  D. CRM software lengthens sales cycles.  
 
 50. Managerial accountants provide assistance to management by A. calculating probability of risky events.  B. preparing financial statements for public review.  C. gathering information on social media trends.  D. accumulating data on costs and profits.  
 
 51. Variance analysis documents the difference between actual and planned behavior and A. investigates why that discrepancy occurred.  B. arranges this information for public review.  C. changes operations to address any issues.  D. suspends activity until numbers are aligned.  
 
 52. Material, labor, and overhead are all components that might be the focus of A. performance evaluation.  C. variance analysis.  B. marketing management.  D. sales reporting.  
 
 53. Cost accounting budgets allow __________ to __________. A. management; anticipate future advertising costs  B. management; consider a business's total cost of production  C. stakeholders; anticipate future advertising costs  D. stakeholders; consider a business's total cost of production  
 
                                                                                                      6 
 
 54. The main difference between managerial accounting and financial accounting is the __________ of the 
information. A. arrangement  C. audience  B. scope  D. quality  
 
 55. In a company of 100 people, Tess's department has 10 employees. This department is responsible for 
10% of the cost of insurance. This is an example of A. cost estimate.  C. cost per contact.  B. cost allocation.  D. cost-effective pricing.  
 
 56. A successful budget should be A. rigid.  C. secret.  B. well planned.  D. aggressive.  
 
 57. When calculating the future value of money, you will need to know the A. par value and interest rate.  C. present value and exchange rate.  B. present value and interest rate.  D. par value and exchange rate. 
 
 58. Ajay just won a school prize drawing and is awarded $100. To maximize the value of his money, when 
should he accept the $100? A. Now  C. In one year  B. In six months  D. In five years  
 
 59. Without accurate financial records, it is difficult to demonstrate __________ to __________. A. incentives; tax collectors  C. product specifications; vendors  B. product benefits; customers  D. profitability; investors  
 
 60. Which of the following is a common challenge for financial-information management: A. Financial managers typically use Microsoft Office applications for financial recordkeeping.  B. Many financial data are stored in custom, task-specific software and are not easily accessible.  C. Financial-information management's focus is on protection of customer financial data.  D. Managerial accountants prepare financial information for use by external stakeholders.  
 
 61. Which of the following is a potential consequence of a company being accused of unethical accounting 
practices: A. Increased employee loyalty  C. Increased public faith  B. Stock price instability  D. Shareholder incentives  
 
 62. What is a way in which technology has improved the management of financial information? A. Data are transferred instantly from information management to point-of-sale systems.  B. The security of financial information is no longer a concern.  C. Calculations can be completed more quickly and efficiently.  D. The amount of time required to compare financial records thoroughly has increased.  
 
 63. What are the basic components of a business budget? A. Fixed costs, variable costs, and semi-variable costs  B. Total revenues, total costs, and profit  C. Inventory, variable costs, and profits  D. Fixed assets, inventory, and investments  
 
 64. Which type of financial analysis is best for comparing a single company's historical financial information 
to determine trends? A. Vertical analysis  C. Leverage analysis  B. Horizontal analysis  D. Liquidity analysis  
 
                                                                                                      7 
 
 65. Which of the following is a reason to calculate a company's debt-to-equity (D/E) ratio: A. To compare multiple companies in different industries  B. To assess the level of risk involved in investing in the company  C. To compare the current year's performance to a previous year's  D. To assess the ability of a company to hire more employees  
 
 66. In the lean approach to accounting, inventory is treated as a(n) A. asset.  C. revenue.  B. liability.  D. equity.  
 
 67. Obtaining a credit score, contacting references, and calculating financial ratios are all ways to A. determine whether a customer is worthy of purchasing on trade credit.  B. determine whether an investor is capable of financing a startup.  C. help a financial manager decide whether to open a new location.  D. help a financial manager decide whether to take a company public.  
 
 68. Liquidity ratios are most often used to determine whether a company A. has controlled its expenses and is in a position to generate a profit.  B. has the resources to pay its short-term debts.  C. is likely to be successful in the long term.  D. is going to be a good investment.  
 
 69. A company uses its social media sites to improve its response time to customer complaints. Doing so 
helps the company directly A. achieve stability.  C. improve customer satisfaction.  B. develop new goods and services.  D. improve profitability.  
 
 70. Mira is reviewing a financial statement for a local business. During her analysis of data, she uses 
Benford's Law. What can this help her do? A. Estimate business viability  C. Identify personnel issues  B. Find opportunities for profit  D. Detect the possibility of fraud  
 
 71. Which of the following statements about data analytics is true: A. Descriptive analytics provide forecasts of the future.  B. Descriptive analytics recommend specific courses of action.  C. Prescriptive analytics recommend specific courses of action.  D. Predictive analytics provide descriptions of the past.  
 
 72. Which of the following methods of data mining, often used in market segmentation, involves placing 
observable data into naturally occurring groups: A. Forecasting  C. Market basket analysis  B. Prediction  D. Cluster analysis  
 
 73. Which of the following types of business records includes information on deductions, withholdings, and 
employee pay: A. Tax records  C. Customer records  B. Asset records  D. Legal records  
 
 74. Regulations are a factor relating to which of the following categories of an environmental scan: A. Demographics  C. Technology  B. Competition  D. Government  
 
 75. Which operations activity involves ensuring that a business has a large enough supply that it does not 
run out of products and also a small enough supply that holding costs are not too high? A. Quality control  C. Scheduling  B. Inventory control  D. Logistics  
 
                                                                                                      8 
 
 76. If Saeed is concerned that a data breach altered the completeness of his information, he is concerned 
about the __________ of the data. A. availability  C. integrity  B. confidentiality  D. privacy 
 
 77. A company in which each department performs completely separate functions and has its own budget 
and staff has an organizational structure based on __________ interdependence. A. reciprocal  C. pooled B. sequential D. mutual 
 
 78. Which of the following examples illustrates the importance of monitoring a project's scope: A. Mateo asked his staff members how they were coping with their workloads.  B. Zander is making sure he doesn't spend too much on supplies for the party he is throwing.  C. Erin spent an hour selecting fonts when she should have been practicing her speech.  D. Bethany wants to know if there is a chance her team won't meet its deadlines.  
 
 79. A company's full-time employees are asked to work overtime until a project is complete. As a result, the 
company's overall wages go from a __________ cost to a __________ cost. A. semi-variable; variable  C. fixed; semi-variable  B. variable; fixed  D. semi-fixed; semi-variable  
 
 80. Who is responsible for making sure employees maintain a good work-life balance? A. Coworkers  C. Employees  B. Employers  D. Customers  
 
 81. A business has added automation to its assembly line process. This addition is most likely an example of A. invention.  C. creativity.  B. innovation.  D. problem-solving.  
 
 82. Jamel is an employee responsible for making sure that his company's business initiatives and 
computer/IT processes work smoothly together. What area of business is Jamel working in? A. Accounting  C. Operations management  B. Business information management  D. Securities and investments  
 
 83. A worker who records, classifies, summarizes, analyzes, and communicates a business's financial 
information is a(n) A. compliance analyst.  C. accountant.  B. bank manager.  D. insurance agent.  
 
 84. Which of the following careers is likely to involve finding money for a company and then making sure that 
the money is managed correctly: A. Insurance agent  C. Financial analyst  B. Mutual fund manager  D. Financial accountant  
 
 85. Casey's Tree Removal Services has a set of rules, practices, and processes by which the organization is 
controlled. Because of the company's strict adherence to these rules and processes, it has never had 
any major problems with unethical behavior or mismanagement. Instead, the company enjoys a positive 
relationship with its customers, employees, and the public. This example demonstrates the benefits of A. ethics training in the workplace.  C. public relations initiatives.  B. good corporate governance.  D. setting SMART goals.  
 
 86. Employee involvement in company decisions often leads to greater employee A. sales.  C. satisfaction.  B. burnout.  D. relocation.  
 
                                                                                                      9 
 
 87. In a well-governed organization, what typically helps employees understand their roles and encourages 
positive public impressions? A. Transparency  C. Flexibility  B. Efficiency  D. Anonymity 
 
 88. It is important that businesses stay on top of their governance reports to ensure compliance because 
__________ can change frequently. A. regulations  C. the economy  B. personnel  D. technology  
 
 89. Who typically has the greatest influence on a company's corporate governance? A. Chief financial officer  C. Board of directors  B. Shareholders  D. HR director  
 
 90. Bailey has $50 to spend. She can either buy a new pair of jeans or concert tickets, but not both. This is 
an example of A. governmental control.  C. limits to economic freedom.  B. competition in the marketplace.  D. private property.  
 
 91. Which of the following is a primary reason for a financial advisor to join a professional organization: A. To have more time for work responsibilities  B. To reduce the organization's membership dues  C. To obtain professional development  D. To increase his/her work responsibilities  
 
 92. Maria and Laura, who are both accountants, met at a conference that they both attended. The two 
exchanged contact information and promised to keep in touch regarding professional opportunities in 
their industry. What skill did Maria and Laura demonstrate in this situation? A. Problem solving  C. Advertising  B. Networking  D. Co-branding  
 
 93. Which of the following typically addresses conflicts of interest, harassment, discrimination, and 
confidentiality: A. Code of conduct  C. Operating statement  B. Annual report  D. Mission statement  
 
 94. Which of the following is a way that organizations can encourage transparency and reduce risk: A. Offer rewards based on job performance  C. Carefully monitor employees' resource use  B. Give employees a way to voice concerns  D. Guard against digital security threats  
 
 95. Johnny notices a strange smell in the warehouse that he manages, so he asks an inspector to determine 
the source of the smell. The inspector traces the odor to remodeling work being done to the warehouse 
office and concludes that the smell poses no health risk to any of Johnny's staff. Which of the following is 
a risk that Johnny must consider when deciding if he should attempt to fix the issue: A. Employee dissatisfaction  C. Employee conflicts of interest  B. Company bankruptcy  D. Company insurance  
 
 96. Which of the following is a potential negative effect that technology has had on risk management: A. There is too much information for any risk management system to process efficiently.  B. The newest software processes information more slowly than risk managers could do 
unassisted.  C. Cloud-based storage systems make confidential information vulnerable to a privacy breach.  D. AI-based systems are less adaptable than traditional risk management technologies.  
 
                                                                                                      10 
 
 97. A company that wishes to lower its risk management costs might start its own __________ insurance 
company, which is a type of corporate self-insurance. A. medical malpractice  C. captive  B. professional liability  D. compulsory  
 
 98. What risk control technique seeks to contain the effect of a catastrophic event to a particular geographic 
location and limit the event's effect on other locations? A. Avoidance  C. Loss prevention  B. Separation  D. Loss reduction  
 
 99. Antonia is starting a wedding cake bakery. Before she opens for business, she spends a whole day 
identifying any potential dangers and hazards that might interfere with her work. Once she has identified 
all of the potential issues, she creates a plan of response for each one that she intends to distribute to 
her investors. Antonia is engaging in A. enterprise risk management.  C. organizational goal setting.  B. business objective planning.  D. preliminary quality management.  
 
 100. Which of the following types of risk is generally uninsurable: A. Customer injury  C. Employee health  B. Property damage  D. Business failure

/////

                                                                                       22 
 
 55. B 
Cost allocation. Cost allocation involves splitting up and assigning cost to smaller entities within a 
business. These smaller entities vary based on the goals and needs of an organization, but they can be 
split up by headcount, space, labor hours, usage, etc. In this scenario, Tess's business is allocating 
insurance costs by headcount. Because the department is made of 10% of the company's employees, it 
pays 10% of the costs. Cost estimate is a ballpark figure (or guess) of how much will be spent on a given 
activity. Cost per contact is the total cost per interaction with a member of a target audience. Cost-
effective means economical—good value in relation to the price or cost. SOURCE: FI:663 SOURCE: Accounting Tools. (2019, May 4). Cost allocation. Retrieved January 14, 2020, from 
https://www.accountingtools.com/articles/what-is-cost-allocation.html 
 
 56. B 
Well planned. Money is a limited resource. Therefore, when developing a budget, a business must plan 
how best to support each department and budget category in accomplishing the company's overall goals. 
This planning process is based on the manager's knowledge, on past budgets, and on external factors, 
such as economic trends and the level of competition. Instead of rigid, secret, and aggressive, budgets 
should be flexible, clearly communicated, and realistic. SOURCE: FI:106 SOURCE: LAP-FI-106—Money Tracks (Nature of Budgets) 
 
 57. B 
Present value and interest rate. The formula for calculating the future value of money is Future Value = 
Present Value X (1 + Interest Rate). In order to determine the future value of money, you must know the 
present value and interest rate. Par value refers to the value of a bond. Exchange rate is the value at 
which one currency can be converted to another. SOURCE: FI:238 SOURCE: Chen, J. (2019, September 25). Time value of money (TVM). Retrieved January 10, 2020, 
from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/t/timevalueofmoney.asp 
 
 58. A 
Now. The time value of money explains the idea that money available now is worth more than the 
identical amount in the future because of its earning potential. If Ajay accepts the money now, it has the 
potential to earn interest over time. If he accepts the money at any later point (six months, one year, five 
years, etc.), then Ajay is missing out on the earning potential of the original $100. SOURCE: FI:238 SOURCE: Chen, J. (2019, September 25). Time value of money (TVM). Retrieved January 10, 2020, 
from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/t/timevalueofmoney.asp 
 
 59. D 
Profitability; investors. One of the many reasons to maintain accurate financial information is to 
demonstrate a business's profitability to potential investors. Investors want to see accurate information 
and some assurance of profitability before choosing to help finance the company. Financial records are 
unlikely to demonstrate product benefits or specifications to anyone. Tax collectors may be interested to 
see financial records, but they are unlikely to be interested in anything involving incentives. SOURCE: FM:002 SOURCE: Jefferson, L. (2017, August 2). Are you maintaining accurate records? Retrieved January 8, 
2020, from https://strategiccfo.com/are-you-maintaining-accurate-records/ 
 
                                                                                       23 
 
 60. B 
Many financial data are stored in custom, task-specific software and are not easily accessible. Financial-
information management involves accessing, processing, maintaining, evaluating, and disseminating 
financial data to assist in business decision-making, as well as supporting budgeting activities and storing 
and protecting customer financial information. Challenges for financial-information management include 
inadequate information, multiple master sources of data, inaccuracies, inefficiencies, and disparate data 
structures. Unfortunately, many companies house their financial data in custom, task-specific software, 
making it difficult for others in the organization to access that data if they do not have that specialized 
software. Financial managers may use Microsoft Office applications to prepare reports, but they don't 
typically use such software for financial recordkeeping. Financial accountants, not managerial 
accountants, prepare financial information for use by external stakeholders. SOURCE: FM:002 SOURCE: Mancini, J. (2018, October 4). 5 startling stats about information management in the financial 
services industry. Retrieved February 3, 2020, from https://www.m-files.com/blog/5-startling-
stats-information-management-financial-services-industry/ 
 
 61. B 
Stock price instability. When a company is accused of unethical accounting practices, investors and 
shareholders often sell their stock in the company to avoid losing their investment. The resulting rapid 
drop in stock prices can lead to further instability as more investors begin to sell their shares. Employee 
loyalty and public faith in the company are likely to drop in event of such an accusation. Shareholders are 
not incentivized by bad accounting practices, but rather by accurate reporting of profitability. SOURCE: FM:003 SOURCE: Carty, S. (2020). What are the advantages of financial accounting ethics? Retrieved January 
8, 2020, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/advantages-financial-accounting-ethics-
32960.html 
 
 62. C 
Calculations can be completed more quickly and efficiently. Technology has improved financial-
information management in a number of ways. An important benefit resulting from this technology is 
faster, more efficient calculations. Although there are added security features of modern-day information 
management systems, the security of financial information is still very important. Even cloud-based 
financial management systems are subject to the possibility of hacking. In some ways, the movement of 
financial information to cloud-based management systems has opened up new possibilities for security 
breaches. Calculating, comparing, and transferring information have all been greatly improved by recent 
technological advances in the field of financial-information management. Data does not typically flow 
from information management systems to point-of-sale systems; the flow of data is usually from point-of-
sale systems to information management systems. SOURCE: FM:011 SOURCE: Dlabay, L., Burrow, J.L., & Kleindl, B. (2019). Principles of business (9th ed.) [Lesson 12.2]. 
Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc. 
 
 63. B 
Total revenues, total costs, and profits. The basic budgeting equation is Total Revenues - Total Costs = 
Profit. The total costs identified in this equation include all costs and expenses. Total revenues include all 
sales revenues from all sources. Profit is the difference between the two. Fixed, variable, and semi-
variable costs are the three main types of costs that combine to make total costs. Inventory is not a basic 
component in budgeting, although aspects involving inventory do appear in a budget. Fixed assets and 
investments are important aspects of accounting and therefore do impact budgets, but they are not 
among the basic components of a business budget. SOURCE: FM:013 SOURCE: Inc.com Encyclopedia. (n.d.) How to start a business budget. Retrieved January 8, 2020, 
from https://www.inc.com/encyclopedia/businessbudget.html 
 
                                                                                       24 
 
 64. B 
Horizontal analysis. Horizontal analyses compare the information from a single company's income 
statements over multiple years. This allows analysts to determine trends and make forecasts for future 
performance. Vertical analyses are used in comparing companies within the same industry, even 
companies of vastly different sizes. This is because a vertical analysis of an income statement results in 
the calculation of multiple ratios, which are more easily compared across multiple companies of different 
sizes than are dollars. Leverage analyses are effective at determining company performance by resulting 
in a debt-to-equity ratio. These are typically performed with income statement information for a single 
year. Liquidity analyses are performed with information from a company's balance sheet to determine if a 
company is able to meet its short-term debts. SOURCE: FM:014 SOURCE: Corporate Finance Institute. (2020). Types of financial analysis. Retrieved January 8, 2020, 
from https://corporatefinanceinstitute.com/resources/knowledge/finance/types-of-financial-
analysis/ 
 
 65. B 
To assess the level of risk involved in investing in the company. The debt-to-equity (D/E) ratio measures 
the degree to which a company has financed its activities through debt as opposed to using shareholder 
equity in the company. Typically, a high D/E ratio suggests that the company is a higher risk for investors 
because a lot of the financing has been done through borrowing. The D/E ratio is a particularly poor 
metric for evaluating companies in different industries as standard D/E ratios differ by industry. Other 
metrics are also better for comparing current and past performance, such as horizontal analyses. The 
ability of a company to hire more employees could not be determined from its D/E ratio. SOURCE: FM:014 SOURCE: Hayes, A. (2019, June 13). Debt-to-equity ratio - d/e. Retrieved January 9, 2020, from 
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/d/debtequityratio.asp 
 
 66. B 
Liability. Unlike traditional accounting, in which inventory is considered an asset, lean accounting treats 
inventory as a liability because having an inventory requires labor, storage, and other expenses. 
Inventory is viewed as an asset in traditional accounting methods because it is a value owned and not 
owed. Inventory cannot be considered a revenue until it is sold and ceases to be inventory. Equity refers 
to the amount of value that a shareholder has invested in a business. SOURCE: FM:016 SOURCE: Antony, D. (2020). Benefits of lean accounting in a lean manufacturing company. Retrieved 
January 9, 2020, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/benefits-lean-accounting-lean-
manufacturing-company-4924.html 
 
 67. A 
Determine whether a customer is worthy of purchasing on trade credit. Many business-to-business 
transactions are financed using trade credit, which simplifies the sales process. However, not all 
companies are able to repay their creditors for the products they purchase on credit. Before offering 
another business the opportunity to purchase on credit, it is important to do the research necessary to 
ensure that the company is likely to be able to pay. One strategy for helping to make this judgement is to 
collect references. Also, as is the case with individuals, companies have credit scores which indicate their 
level of creditworthiness. Finally, financial ratios can give some insight into whether the company's 
finances are strong enough that it will be in a position to pay its debts. While many of these methods are 
used by potential investors to determine if a company is worth the investment, they are not as useful in 
determining which investors a company should turn to. Financial managers calculate financial ratios to 
help them make decisions about their own companies, but they are not likely to contact references or 
obtain their own credit score in order to do so. SOURCE: FM:009 SOURCE: Fowler, S. (2017, September 26). How to analyze customer credit worthiness. Retrieved 
January 9, 2020, from https://bizfluent.com/how-8543910-analyze-customer-credit-
worthiness.html 
 
                                                                                       25 
 
 68. B 
Has the resources to pay its short-term debts. Liquidity ratios measure a company's ability to turn its 
short-term assets into enough cash to cover its short-term liabilities (amounts the company owes in the 
short term). Companies with low liquidity ratios are likely to encounter problems paying short-term debts 
like purchases made on credit. Profitability ratios help evaluate the company's ability to control its 
expenses to the point where profit can be generated. Long-term success and the likely return on 
investment can be assessed through a variety of methods, but neither necessarily involve liquidity ratios. SOURCE: FM:009 SOURCE: Avenir, R. (2020). The effects of liquidity ratios. Retrieved January 9, 2020, from 
https://smallbusiness.chron.com/effects-liquidity-ratios-57308.html 
 
 69. C 
Improve customer satisfaction. When a company improves its response time to customer complaints, it 
also improves customer satisfaction. Responding to customer complaints does not help a company 
develop new goods and services or achieve stability. Companies desiring to improve profitability typically 
focus on increasing sales, reducing costs, and improving efficiency. SOURCE: MK:015 SOURCE: LAP-MK-015—Act Now! (Employee Actions and Company Goals) 
 
 70. D 
Detect the possibility of fraud. Benford's Law explores the distribution of digits in a large, randomly 
generated set of natural numbers. In this data set, the most frequent leading digit is 1, followed by 2, 3, 4, 
etc., exponentially decreasing until the least frequent leading digit, 9. When applied to data analytics and 
financial statements, this law helps identify possible deviations from this pattern, which could indicate 
fraudulently manufactured numbers. Benford's Law does not directly find opportunities for profit, identify 
personnel issues, or estimate business viability. SOURCE: NF:124 SOURCE: Sarkar, T. (2018, October 25). What is Benford's Law and why is it important for data 
science? Retrieved January 14, 2020, from https://towardsdatascience.com/what-is-
benfords-law-and-why-is-it-important-for-data-science-312cb8b61048 
 
 71. C 
Prescriptive analytics recommend specific courses of action. Descriptive analytics use existing data to 
provide descriptions of the past. Predictive analytics, on the other hand, use existing, past data to predict 
a variety of possible futures. These descriptions of possible futures, however, cannot themselves arrive 
at a recommended decision. Since data analytics in business are often utilized to aid in decision-making, 
predictive analytics have limits in their applicability to decision-making. Where predictive analytics offer a 
forecast for the future, they do not recommend a specific course of action. Instead, predictive analytics 
can be combined with a rule or set of constraints to become prescriptive analytics, which take predictive 
analytics a step further by providing the rule and set of constraints. In this way, they limit the number of 
“possible futures” down to those that are most likely to result in the preferred outcomes. In this way, 
prescriptive analytics aid in decision-making by suggesting which decision is likely to be best. SOURCE: NF:139 SOURCE: Camm, J.D., Cochran, J.J., Fry, M.J., Ohlmann, J.W., Anderson, D.R., Sweeney, D.J., & 
Williams, T.A. (2019). Business analytics (3rd ed.) [Lesson 1.3]. Boston, MA: Cengage 
Learning, Inc. 
 
                                                                                       26 
 
 72. D 
Cluster analysis. Cluster analysis is intended to group data points into groups or clusters. The goal here 
is to allow observable data to naturally collect into groups that are largely homogenous, share a set of 
characteristics, and are unlike the data in other groups or clusters. These clusters, when used to sort 
consumers, create market segments that can be targeted with marketing. Market basket analysis focuses 
on establishing links between data points that tend to occur together. This is often used in determining 
which items tend to be purchased (placed in a “market basket” together). Prediction analyses, such as 
regression analysis, involves using independent or predictor variables to anticipate a response of 
dependent variable. Forecasting analysis seeks to make predictions about specific time periods based on 
historical observations and other considerations. SOURCE: NF:148 SOURCE: Camm, J.D., Cochran, J.J., Fry, M.J., Ohlmann, J.W., Anderson, D.R., Sweeney, D.J., & 
Williams, T.A. (2019). Business analytics (3rd ed.) [Lesson 4.1]. Boston, MA: Cengage 
Learning, Inc. 
 
 73. A 
Tax records. For tax purposes, businesses must record everything they pay their employees and the 
deductions that are made, including withholdings. Companies also keep track of their assets such as 
furniture and equipment. These asset records allow companies to track the depreciation of their assets 
for accounting purposes. Customer records include clients' names, addresses, contact information, and 
possibly information about purchases made by the customer. Legal records include items such as 
contracts and agreements, intellectual property records, and work orders. SOURCE: NF:001 SOURCE: LAP-NF-001—Record It (Business Records) 
 
 74. D 
Government. Governments can have an important impact on any organization. One of the ways they can 
do so is through regulation. For example, a company that is considering whether to buy or construct a 
new building would need to consider zoning regulations. Likewise, a company that is involved in 
manufacturing might be required to adhere to regulations involving emissions or product safety. A 
business's competitors would also need to adhere to regulations. Technology may involve regulations, 
but these factors are unlikely to affect the ways in which technology is handled in an environmental scan. 
Demographics would not involve regulations. SOURCE: NF:015 SOURCE: LAP-NF-015—Get the 4-1-1 (Conducting an Environmental Scan) 
 
 75. B 
Inventory control. Inventory control involves tracking the amount, kind, and value of the items that a 
business possesses. This involves maximizing the amount of inventory to the point where there is no risk 
of stockout costs (costs associated with running out of inventory) while limiting holding costs (the costs 
associated with keeping inventory in stock) to a minimum. Quality control involves ensuring that a product 
meets a degree of excellence. Scheduling involves establishing a timeline to be followed in the 
production of a product. Logistics involves managing the flow of products from production to 
consumption. SOURCE: OP:189 SOURCE: LAP-OP-189—Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations) 
 
 76. C 
Integrity. Data integrity involves the wholeness or completeness of data and information. A breach of data 
integrity is sometimes referred to as data corruption. Corruption may be the result of an attack, but it may 
also occur at various points during the entering, storing, or transmitting of information. Data confidentiality 
is threatened when unauthorized users gain access to the data. Confidentiality is related to data privacy, 
although data privacy also involves the intended use of specific types of data. Data availability refers to 
the usability or the delivery format of data. SOURCE: OP:064 SOURCE: Whitman, M.S., & Mattord, H.J. (2019). Management of information Security (6th ed.) 
[Lesson 1-1b]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc. 
 
                                                                                       27 
 
 77. C 
Pooled. Pooled interdependence is the lowest form of interdependence in which departments operate 
with little to no interaction. Departments in this organizational structure may impact each other's 
operations at the highest level of organizational budget, success, or failure but do not generally interact 
beyond that. Sequential interdependence refers to an organizational structure in which one department 
relies on the work completed by another department. One way to think of this type of interdependence is 
as though departments perform tasks in an assembly-line relationship in which the output from one 
department becomes the input for the next. Reciprocal interdependence is the most complex form of 
interdependence. Reciprocal interdependence occurs when tasks flow both ways between departments. 
Information that is taken in by one department is processed and shared with others, which is in turn 
processed and shared back. Each department's functioning depends on the functioning of the others. 
Mutual interdependence is not a major form of organizational interdependence. SOURCE: OP:196 SOURCE: Griffin, R.W. (2018). Fundamentals of management (8th ed.) [Lesson 6-1e]. Boston, MA: 
Cengage Learning, Inc. 
 
 78. C 
Erin spent an hour selecting fonts when she should have been practicing her speech. Monitoring a 
project's scope is important because it helps you stay on task and do the work you are supposed to be 
doing, rather than getting distracted by unimportant tasks. Erin needs to monitor the scope of her project 
because she is spending too much time on a task that she did not need to do. Zander is monitoring 
budget. Mateo is monitoring people. Finally, Bethany is monitoring schedule. SOURCE: OP:520 SOURCE: LAP-OP-520—Check Your (Project) Pulse (Monitoring Projects and Taking Corrective 
Actions) 
 
 79. C 
Fixed; semi-variable. Fixed costs do not increase or decrease based on changes in production. Variable 
costs fluctuate based on changes in production. Semi-variable costs are those in which part of the cost 
does not change and part of the cost does. If a company pays it workers a set wage and its employees 
work a set 40-hour work week, then those wages are fixed costs. If, however, workers are asked to work 
overtime, their regular wage remains the same. However, the amount of overtime paid to the employees 
will change based on the amount of overtime hours worked. The combination of a fixed cost with a 
variable cost is called a semi-variable cost. Semi-fixed cost is another name for semi-variable cost. SOURCE: OP:024 SOURCE: LAP-OP-009—Watch Your (Over) Head (Overhead/Operating Costs) 
 
 80. C 
Employees. Employees are ultimately responsible for making sure that they maintain an appropriate 
work-life balance. While there is no perfect balance, this might include setting boundaries, unplugging 
from company technology at predetermined times, and taking breaks as needed. While employers can 
help with work-life balance, they are not responsible for ensuring employees maintain this balance. 
Coworkers and customers do not have control over the work-life balance that employees maintain. SOURCE: PD:179 SOURCE: Schooley, S. (2019, June 19). 8 ways to improve your work-life balance today. Retrieved 
January 14, 2020, from https://www.businessnewsdaily.com/5244-improve-work-life-balance-
today.html 
 
 81. B 
Innovation. Innovation is the development of something new, such as a new product, method, strategy, or 
process. Innovation can also involve an improvement of something that already exists. Adding 
automation to an assembly line is an example of innovation because the automation is likely to improve 
the efficiency of the assembly line process. An invention involves creating something entirely new that did 
not exist prior to the invention. Creativity, which can be a part of developing innovative ideas, is the ability 
to generate unique ideas, approaches, and solutions. People with problem-solving skills are often able to 
innovate and find solutions to obstacles in their path. SOURCE: PD:126 SOURCE: LAP-PD-126—Ideas in Action (Innovation Skills) 
 
                                                                                       28 
 
 82. B 
Business information management. An employee making sure that business initiatives and computer/IT 
processes work smoothly together is working in the area of business information management. Business 
information management is an umbrella term covering those careers that provide a bridge between 
business processes/initiatives and IT (information technology). Employees in this area help align 
business and IT goals. Employees working in accounting collect, analyze, organize, and report 
accounting information. Employees working in operations management focus on planning, organizing, 
coordinating, and controlling the resources needed to produce/provide a business's goods and/or 
services. Employees working in securities and investments typically work in brokerage firms, investment 
banks, and stock exchanges to support the flow of funds from investors to companies and institutions. SOURCE: PD:025 SOURCE: LAP-PD-025—Go for It! (Careers in Business) 
 
 83. C 
Accountant. An accountant records, classifies, summarizes, analyzes, and communicates a business's 
financial information and business transactions for use in decision-making. A bank manager runs and 
operates a bank, while a compliance analyst may analyze financial records to make sure they are in 
accordance with legal requirements. A compliance analyst would not necessarily prepare financial 
records. An insurance agent sells insurance and does not typically prepare and examine financial 
records. SOURCE: PD:152 SOURCE: LAP-PD-020—Career Opportunities in Finance 
 
 84. C 
Financial analyst. Careers in corporate finance such as financial analysts, cash managers, and capital 
expenditure managers typically focus on finding money for a company and then making sure that the 
money is managed correctly. This involves the implementation of capital structure, budgeting and 
financial planning, acquisition and investment, funding, dividends, and taxation policies and decisions. A 
mutual fund manager oversees a bundle of funds and is responsible for investing those funds to 
maximum profit for investors. An insurance agent is someone who sells insurance that transfers risk from 
an individual or business to an insurance company. A financial accountant records, classifies, 
summarizes, and communicates a business's financial information to external stakeholders. SOURCE: PD:152 SOURCE: LAP-PD-020—Career Opportunities in Finance 
 
 85. B 
Good corporate governance. Corporate governance is the combined set of rules, practices, and 
processes by which an organization is managed. Benefits of effective corporate governance include 
fewer incidents of misconduct, smoother day-to-day operations, and better relationships with 
stakeholders. This example demonstrates how adherence to corporate governance policies can benefit 
an organization. Ethics training, public relations initiatives, and SMART goals can also benefit 
companies, but they are not demonstrated in this example. SOURCE: PD:213 SOURCE: Chen, J. (2019, April 18). Corporate governance definition. Retrieved January 23, 2020, from 
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/corporategovernance.asp 
 
 86. C 
Satisfaction. Involving employees in business decisions often leads to increased job satisfaction and 
investment in the company, as employees see that their ideas are heard and valued. While not all 
decisions require employee consultation, it is often to the benefit of the company that it take advantage of 
employee involvement. It is less likely or not likely at all that employee involvement would lead to 
employee burnout, sales, or relocation. SOURCE: PD:301 SOURCE: Heathfield, S.M. (2019, July 26). What does employee involvement actually look like? 
Retrieved January 14, 2020, from https://www.thebalancecareers.com/employee-
involvement-1918100 
 
                                                                                     29 
 
 87. A 
Transparency. When a business is transparent, it means it maintains open and truthful communications. 
If a business is transparent about company goals, values, and strategies, employees are better able to 
understand their roles within the greater organization. The public also views the organization more 
positively, because secretive businesses are sometimes viewed with suspicion or skepticism. Efficiency, 
flexibility, and anonymity neither help employees better understand their roles nor encourage positive 
public impression. SOURCE: PD:214 SOURCE: Mack, S. (2019, March 8). Seven characteristics of good corporate governance. Retrieved 
January 15, 2020, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/seven-characteristics-good-
corporate-governance-57207.html 
 
 88. A 
Regulations. Governance reports detail activities completed and efforts taken by companies to make sure 
their business operations are compliant with regulations. If regulations change, then governance reports 
help business document any necessary changes and their response to these changes. While personnel, 
the economy, and technology can and do change frequently, they are not related to governance reports 
and compliance with business regulations. SOURCE: PD:214 SOURCE: Price, N.J. (2019, January 19). How to improve governance reporting. Retrieved January 15, 
2020, from https://insights.diligent.com/entity-governance/how-to-improve-governance-
reporting 
 
 89. C 
Board of directors. Corporate governance includes the controls, policies, and guidelines needed to reach 
organizational goals while meeting stakeholders' needs. While many people are affected by corporate 
governance structures, the board of directors is the primary influence on corporate governance. The 
board is selected by shareholders and has the responsibility of making important decisions for the 
business. Shareholders, the chief financial officer (and most other executives), and the HR director do 
not hold greater influence than the board on a company's corporate governance. SOURCE: PD:302 SOURCE: Chen, J. (2019, April 18). Corporate governance definition. Retrieved January 14, 2020, from 
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/corporategovernance.asp 
 
 90. C 
Limits to economic freedom. People in a private enterprise system are limited by their own choices. 
Bailey has a finite amount of money to spend ($50), so she cannot purchase everything she wants. She 
has to choose whether she wants jeans or concert tickets. This is not an example of competition in the 
market place, governmental control, or private property. SOURCE: EC:009 SOURCE: LAP-EC-015—People Power (The Private Enterprise System) 
 
 91. C 
To obtain professional development. Professional organizations and associations exist to help their 
members succeed. They provide support to their members, help in networking efforts, create 
opportunities to discuss best practices and job opportunities with others in the field, and hold professional 
development events to help members grow their skills and knowledge. Professional organizations usually 
require their members to pay membership dues. Financial advisors who are active in their professional 
organizations may find that organizational duties take time that they could have used for their regular 
work responsibilities. Finance professionals don't often join organizations to increase their work 
responsibilities. SOURCE: PD:153 SOURCE: Cussen, M. (2019, October 10). Four professional associations financial advisors should join. 
Retrieved January 20, 2020, from https://www.investopedia.com/articles/financial-
advisors/121515/4-professional-associations-advisors-should-join.asp 
 
                                                                                       30 
 
 92. B 
Networking. Networking involves exchanging information with others for the purpose of professional or 
business development or advancement. Problem solving involves finding solutions to obstacles or 
problems. Advertising is any paid form of nonpersonal presentation of ideas, images, goods, or services. 
Co-branding is a brand strategy that involves businesses joining forces for mutual benefit to increase 
brand recognition, customer loyalty, and sales for both brands. There is no indication that Maria and 
Laura demonstrated problem solving, advertising, or co-branding in the situation. SOURCE: PD:153 SOURCE: McQuerrey L. (n.d.) Fundamentals of business networking. Retrieved January 20, 2020, from 
https://smallbusiness.chron.com/fundamentals-business-networking-39401.html 
 
 93. A 
Code of conduct. A code of conduct is a set of rules and standards that govern the expected practices, 
decisions, procedures, and systems within an organization. Codes of conduct typically address topics 
such as conflicts of interest, harassment, discrimination, use of property, confidentiality, etc. An operating 
statement, also known as an income statement, summarizes a business's income and expenses over a 
period of time. An annual report is a document outlining the financial status of a business. A mission 
statement is a brief summary of what a business owner wants a business to be doing. SOURCE: PD:251 SOURCE: LAP-PD-251—Know the Code (Following Rules of Conduct) 
 
 94. B 
Give employees a way to voice concerns. Transparency includes maintaining honest and open 
communications. It means that everyone is informed about what is going on and has a way to express 
him/herself. One important aspect of transparency is giving everyone the opportunity to voice concerns 
without the fear of consequences. This means that employees have a safe way to report ethical issues, 
which reduces risk. Offering rewards based on job performance, carefully monitoring employees' 
resource use, and guarding against digital security threats are not related to transparency. SOURCE: RM:041 SOURCE: LAP-RM-041—Manage Risk the Right Way (Ethics in Risk Management) 
 
 95. A 
Employee dissatisfaction. Managers have an ethical responsibility to make a workplace comfortable for 
employees. As a result, even though the odor won't hurt his staff, Johnny has an obligation to mitigate or 
eliminate the smell if it bothers employees. Dissatisfied employees can be the source of a number of 
risks for an organization. Workers may choose to leave for another job, costing time and money in hiring 
and training new employees. Current and former employees' actions and any information that they share 
could also affect the company's reputation. Company bankruptcy is unlikely to occur as a direct result of 
a minor workplace discomfort. Conflicts of interest among employees would not be directly related to 
workplace discomfort. It is unclear what kind of company insurance would result from the issue of an 
environmental odor. SOURCE: RM:041 SOURCE: LAP-RM-041—Manage Risk the Right Way (Ethics in Risk Management) 
 
 96. C 
Cloud-based storage systems make confidential information vulnerable to a privacy breach. The move to 
cost- and labor-saving cloud-based storage systems can mean a better solution for data storage but has 
the potential to bring other risks and vulnerabilities into a risk management system. Even though cloud-
based systems are routinely updated with new security protections, there will always be the possibility of 
a data breach. There is no system that is completely free of potential vulnerabilities. Even non-cloud 
based systems will likely require contracting with a third-party IT company, which can also leave 
confidential information vulnerable. The newest software in risk management not only increases the 
speed at which information can be processed but also increases the efficiency and adaptability of risk 
management systems. SOURCE: RM:042 SOURCE: Fadlallah, H. (2018, November 7). How information technologies influenced risk 
management. Retrieved January 13, 2020, from https://towardsdatascience.com/how-
information-technologies-influenced-risk-management-7eb3a38d253 
 
                                                                                       31 
 
 97. C 
Captive. A captive insurance company is one that is wholly owned by a parent company and is a form of 
self-insurance. The parent company is able to pay its premiums to its own captive insurer to protect the 
company against particular forms of risk. There are a number of reasons that a company may form its 
own captive insurer, many of which are focused on lowering the costs of risk management. Professional 
liability insurance protects businesses against claims of negligence. While it may be covered by a captive 
insurer, it is most often covered by a third-party insurer. Medical malpractice insurance is a form of 
professional liability insurance. Compulsory insurance is a term for any type of insurance that is required 
by law. SOURCE: RM:043 SOURCE: Kagan, J. (2019, June 25). Captive insurance company. Retrieved January 13, 2020, from 
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/captive-insurance-company.asp 
 
 98. B 
Separation. Separation involves spreading a company's important assets across multiple geographic 
locations so an event at one location will not affect the operations at other locations. Avoidance involves 
choosing not to do something that is considered risky. Loss prevention and loss reduction involve 
accepting the risk and limiting the damage done by it. SOURCE: RM:058 SOURCE: Kenton, W. (2019, August 12). Risk control. Retrieved January 9, 2020, from 
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/r/risk-control.asp 
 
 99. A 
Enterprise risk management. Enterprise risk management is a business strategy that involves identifying, 
assessing, and preparing for any potential dangers or hazards. Enterprise risk management also involves 
making the company's plan of action available to stakeholders. In this example, Antonia is engaging in 
enterprise risk management—not business objective planning, organizational goal setting, or preliminary 
quality management. SOURCE: RM:062 SOURCE: Kenton, W. (2019, July 2). Enterprise risk management (ERM). Retrieved January 23, 2020, 
from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/e/enterprise-risk-management.asp 
 
 100. D 
Business failure. While many risks that business face are insurable—including property damage, 
employee health, and customer injury—uninsurable risks also exist. Most reputational risks, regulatory 
risks, trade secret risks, political risks, and pandemic risks are uninsurable, as is the risk of business 
failure. There is no insurance available to protect your business against bankruptcy; however, there is 
insurance available to cover financial losses (caused by customer injuries, product recalls, etc.) that 
might lead to business failure and bankruptcy. SOURCE: RM:062 SOURCE: Kagan J. (2018, January 17). Uninsurable risk. Retrieved January 10, 2020, from 
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/u/uninsurable-risk.asp