1.  Marcus is one of the earliest investors for a new teeth-whitening kit. Since then, he has convinced several other 
people to invest in the kit, allowing him and other early backers to profit from their investments. What type of 
investment scam is this scenario describing? 
  A.   Viatical investment scam 
  B.   Boiler room 
  C.   Ponzi scheme 
  D.   Predatory lending 
  
2.  Which of the following statements about insider trading is true:  
  A.   It is always legal. 
  B.   It is always illegal. 
  C.   Information traded is public. 
  D.   It can result in fines or jail time. 
  
3.  Which of the following is something that may be subject to a luxury tax: 
  A.   Flat-screen TV 
  B.   Commercial plane ticket 
  C.   Smart phone 
  D.   Mansion 
  
4.  A compliance department typically has five areas of responsibility. Which are two of those areas? 
  A.   Identification and prevention 
  B.   Resolution and investigation 
  C.   Monitoring/detection and discipline 
  D.   Advisory and complexity 
  
5.  Mina has a $3,000 investment held for four years in her savings account with 10% interest paid annually. What 
is the future value of her money? 
  A.   $5,100 
  B.   $3,500 
  C.   $4,200 
  D.   $3,400 
  
6.  Virtual audits are different than traditional audits in that virtual audits 
  A.   must offer printed copies of data. 
  B.   cannot be done remotely. 
  C.   don't rely on technology. 
  D.   involve sharing documents online. 
  
7.  Which of the following is an advantage of using a virtual audit: 
  A.   Increased efficiency 
  B.   Longer implementation time 
  C.   Decreased flexibility 
  D.   Lack of rapport 
  
2023 HS ICDC FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM 2 
 
Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio 
8.  The letter of the law refers to the __________ of the law, while the spirit of the law refers to the __________ of 
the law. 
  A.   intent; literal meaning 
  B.   enforcement; intent 
  C.   literal meaning; intent 
  D.   literal meaning; enforcement 
  
9.  When a business is looking to employ communication styles appropriate for its target audience, which of the 
following should it do:  
  A.   Research the needs of the target audience beforehand 
  B.   Avoid changing the message, no matter the reaction 
  C.   Prioritize business needs over the target audience's needs 
  D.   Tailor messages to the general public rather than the target audience 
  
10.  Which of the following statements best represents the Cornell Method of note-taking:  
  A.   Notes are separated and organized into boxes. 
  B.   Information is organized into several columns. 
  C.   The page is divided into three or four sections. 
  D.   Notes are divided into branches and connected with arrows. 
  
11.  Max, the editor of a business magazine, wants his team to start sending daily emails to their subscribers to 
keep them engaged with their content. What type of professional writing should Max and his team use? 
  A.   Newsletter 
  B.   Report 
  C.   Business letter 
  D.   Agenda 
  
12.  Which of the following is a true statement about financial advisors: 
  A.   They only help clients with investing and budgeting. 
  B.   They help clients execute trades in the market. 
  C.   They meet with their clients once. 
  D.   They can only help wealthy people. 
  
13.  When a customer-centric business constantly strives to align its objectives and activities with customer needs 
by stressing innovation and technology, it is engaging in 
  A.   customer experience management. 
  B.   continuous improvement. 
  C.   business process management. 
  D.   organizational structure. 
  
14.  A company utilizes customer relationship management data to 
  A.   increase profits and expenses. 
  B.   weed out unreliable customers. 
  C.   be more like its competition. 
  D.   better understand its customers. 
  
2023 HS ICDC FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM 3 
 
Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio 
15.  With an effective customer strategy, a business can increase revenues by  
  A.   providing products and services customers want. 
  B.   prioritizing new customers over existing customers. 
  C.   helping sales staff close deals at a slower pace. 
  D.   prioritizing existing customers over new customers. 
  
16.  Which of the following statements best represents a seller’s market: 
  A.   There is low demand, high supply, and low prices. 
  B.   There is high demand, low supply, and rising prices. 
  C.   Producers produce less and consumers buy more. 
  D.   It is the best time for consumers to buy. 
  
17.  There are two basic ways a business can increase profit—decreasing its expenses and increasing its sales. 
Which of the following is most likely to help a business increase its sales:  
  A.   Change what it provides 
  B.   Increase worker efficiency 
  C.   Eliminate some free services 
  D.   Avoid extra payroll expenses 
  
18.  Which of the following is an advantage of unions for businesses: 
  A.   They increase costs and decrease control. 
  B.   They help with the recruitment of new employees. 
  C.   They lead to higher wages and better benefits. 
  D.   They improve working conditions for employees. 
  
19.  Economic activities can be impacted by __________ changes like droughts, floods, and blizzards. 
  A.   psychological 
  B.   political 
  C.   climatic 
  D.   demographic 
  
20.  Which of the following statements about resistance is accurate: 
  A.   Resistance can occur at any point in the change process. 
  B.   Resistance shouldn’t be addressed when implementing change. 
  C.   Resistance is a bad thing when leading change. 
  D.   Resistance can only occur after a change has been made. 
  
21.  Samantha wants to make a more conscious effort of setting goals for herself. Which of the following is a tip that 
could help her set smart goals:  
  A.   Not tying goals to a timetable 
  B.   Writing down her goals 
  C.   Keeping them vague and qualifiable 
  D.   Making them easily attainable 
  
2023 HS ICDC FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM 4 
 
Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio 
22.  As a team member, you find motivational techniques such as saying “thank you” and giving verbal praise 
especially effective because they 
  A.   guarantee you a promotion. 
  B.   encourage fierce competition. 
  C.   are at virtually no cost to you. 
  D.   make your group members laugh. 
  
23.  When a discussion becomes emotionally heated or the other person does not like what you say, you can use 
__________ to shift the power. 
  A.   BATNA 
  B.   deadlines 
  C.   alternative planning 
  D.   silence 
  
24.  Rather than doing them all himself, Sam asked a classmate to create a few of the slides for their group 
presentation. Sam recognized that he could not do everything himself and instead decided to 
  A.   prioritize. 
  B.   delegate. 
  C.   overcommit. 
  D.   divulge. 
  
25.  Which of the following are two guidelines for using power appropriately:  
  A.   Maintain perspective and show respect 
  B.   Avoid commitments and maintain perspective 
  C.   Show respect and hold onto power 
  D.   Hold onto power and avoid commitments 
  
26.  Which of the following is a reason why businesses offer credit: 
  A.   To diminish convenience 
  B.   To encourage customers to save 
  C.   To increase interest rates 
  D.   To be competitive 
  
27.  When looking at a personal budget, which of the following is an example of something that may be included as 
an expense:  
  A.   Interest payment in savings account 
  B.   Cash birthday gift 
  C.   Bi-weekly paycheck 
  D.   Rent and utilities 
  
28.  Lyla recently earned her doctorate and wants to meet with a financial advisor to map out her financial future. 
Which of the following steps should she do first: 
  A.   Determine what type of financial advisor she needs 
  B.   Understand how financial advisors are compensated 
  C.   Check for complaints about the financial advisor 
  D.   Make sure the financial advisor has reputable credentials 
  
2023 HS ICDC FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM 5 
 
Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio 
29.  Which of the following best explains the overall purpose of accounting: 
  A.   To control finances by keeping accurate financial information 
  B.   To reduce financial uncertainty and make accidental loss manageable 
  C.   To help a business make the most money possible 
  D.   To identify external opportunities and threats 
  
30.  Which of the following is a consequence of noncompliance in the financial industry:  
  A.   Improved communication 
  B.   Audits and damaged reputation 
  C.   Rule violation prevention 
  D.   Protection from lawsuits 
  
31.  To calculate the future value of money, you need the present value, the length of time, and the 
  A.   interest rate. 
  B.   wage. 
  C.   utility. 
  D.   bottom line. 
  
32.  Which of the following statements about financial statements is true: 
  A.   They don't include a cash flow statement. 
  B.   They include a mission statement. 
  C.   They communicate an entity's financial activities. 
  D.   They are presented in an unstructured manner. 
  
33.  Which of the following is an external source of corporate information that can aid an organization in 
understanding securities: 
  A.   Sales reports 
  B.   Customer records 
  C.   Accounts receivable 
  D.   Investment research firms 
  
34.  If you want to find out the greatest price at which a stock was traded over the last year, what part of the stock 
table would provide this information? 
  A.   52-week high 
  B.   Ask price 
  C.   Dividend yield 
  D.   52-week low 
  
35.  When looking at a particular stock on a stock table, what information does the volume section provide?  
  A.   The ratio between the stock's price and the company's earnings 
  B.   The lowest price of the stock in the last 52 weeks 
  C.   The amount of shares of the stock that were traded in that day 
  D.   The change in the stock's price from the previous day's closing price 
  
2023 HS ICDC FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM 6 
 
Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio 
36.  Which of the following statements about commercial banks is true: 
  A.   They are only available online. 
  B.   They do not offer credit cards. 
  C.   They are owned and operated by members. 
  D.   They offer checking and savings accounts. 
  
37.  An insurance company is different from a bank in that an insurance company 
  A.   insures its customers against certain risks. 
  B.   accepts short-term deposits and makes long-term loans. 
  C.   is part of a centralized clearing and payment system. 
  D.   is not considered a financial institution. 
  
38.  Which of the following statements about the equity market is true: 
  A.   Equity investments typically involve less risk than debt securities. 
  B.   It is where investors and traders buy and sell stock. 
  C.   Stocks are the most common form of debt investment. 
  D.   It is where investors and traders buy and sell bonds. 
  
39.  Which of the following best represents what happens in the spot market: 
  A.   Creation and sale of new securities 
  B.   Trade of financial instruments for immediate delivery 
  C.   Delivery of an asset and funds at a future date 
  D.   Purchase and sale of loans 
  
40.  If a company is looking to consolidate, it will __________ its assets. 
  A.   combine 
  B.   destroy 
  C.   increase 
  D.   sell 
  
41.  Which of the following are two indicators of a recession:  
  A.   Sales rise and income falls 
  B.   Sales fall and production rises 
  C.   Production and employment fall 
  D.   Employment and income rise 
  
42.  After 10 years of working for the same company, Marco was recently laid off due to budget cuts. Since then, he 
has struggled to find a new job. Which of the following is a result of Marco being unemployed: 
  A.   Less disposable income for his family 
  B.   Greater contribution to the economy 
  C.   Less work for his former colleagues 
  D.   Greater purchasing power
2023 HS ICDC FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM 7 
 
Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio 
43.  Which of the following factors can lead an investor to develop a home bias: 
  A.   Fewer barriers to entry in foreign markets 
  B.   Higher risk associated with international investing 
  C.   Less availability of domestic investments 
  D.   Better familiarity with foreign markets 
  
44.  Which of the following sentences about equity statements is true: 
  A.   Companies need to prepare them once a month. 
  B.   Companies are not required to prepare them. 
  C.   Using them typically increases a company’s equity. 
  D.   They report changes in a company's equity. 
  
45.  Which of the following is the formula used to calculate retained earnings: 
  A.   Beginning period retained earnings − Net income (or loss) + Net dividends 
  B.   Beginning period retained earnings + Net income (or loss) − Net dividends 
  C.   Capital expenditures + Net income (or loss) − Net dividends 
  D.   Operating cash flow − Capital expenditures + Net income (or loss) 
  
46.  Which of the following is considered a direct cost: 
  A.   Raw materials 
  B.   Rent 
  C.   Office supplies 
  D.   Utilities 
  
47.  A large corporation decides to close one of its branches. The previous costs of running that branch—including 
rent, utilities, and equipment—would all be considered __________ costs. 
  A.   appraisal 
  B.   employment 
  C.   avoidable 
  D.   mixed 
  
48.  Which of the following statements about marginal analysis is true: 
  A.   Marginal cost is often equal to fixed costs. 
  B.   The goal is for costs to outweigh benefits. 
  C.   It is not necessary when looking to expand. 
  D.   Companies use it to maximize profits. 
  
49.  The goal of marginal analysis should be to ensure that  
  A.   marginal revenue exceeds marginal cost. 
  B.   opportunity cost equals marginal revenue. 
  C.   marginal cost equals opportunity cost. 
  D.   marginal cost exceeds marginal revenue. 
  
2023 HS ICDC FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM 8 
 
Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio 
50.  As opposed to financial accountants, managerial accountants primarily 
  A.   hire externally. 
  B.   report externally. 
  C.   hire internally. 
  D.   report internally. 
  
51.  Which of the following is most likely to impact a company’s corporate governance: 
  A.   Suppliers 
  B.   Board of directors 
  C.   Global citizens 
  D.   Auditors 
  
52.  Shemar is doing a quantitative study into the difference between planned and actual behavior. In other words, 
he is conducting a(n) __________ analysis. 
  A.   environmental 
  B.   break-even 
  C.   cash flow 
  D.   variance 
  
53.  Cost accounting is an activity used mainly in __________ accounting. 
  A.   managerial 
  B.   forensic 
  C.   financial 
  D.   electric 
  
54.  Companies that effectively allocate costs 
  A.   improve short-term and hurt long-term decision-making. 
  B.   increase profits and expenses. 
  C.   spread costs among departments. 
  D.   determine one department to cover all costs. 
  
55.  Employee payroll is an example of a(n) __________ cost. 
  A.   direct 
  B.   indirect 
  C.   manufacturing 
  D.   utility 
  
56.  Which of the following is an advantage for a company that implements a financial management information 
system: 
  A.   Decreased efficiency 
  B.   Less capacity to plan 
  C.   More inaccuracies 
  D.   Better decision-making 
  
2023 HS ICDC FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM 9 
 
Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio 
57.  Which of the following statements about accounting information systems is true: 
  A.   They typically avoid the use of internal controls. 
  B.   They help a company's different departments work together. 
  C.   They use software, but not hardware, to store and retrieve data. 
  D.   They collect data to be used only by accountants. 
  
58.  Following ethical financial accounting practices often leads to 
  A.   receiving fines or sanctions. 
  B.   maintaining public faith. 
  C.   losing revenue. 
  D.   pushing away investors. 
  
59.  A financial organization is most likely to have which of the following standards in its code of ethics: 
  A.   Share confidential information and data 
  B.   Provide people with subjective information 
  C.   Disclose positive and negative information 
  D.   Welcome conflicts of interest 
  
60.  By reviewing an income statement to see how every line item compares to revenue, Anna conducted a 
__________ analysis. 
  A.   horizontal 
  B.   vertical 
  C.   break-even 
  D.   SWOT 
  
61.  Which of the following statements about ethics and risk management is true: 
  A.   Ethical risk management starts at the bottom. 
  B.   Ethical codes of conduct can support and go above and beyond legal compliance. 
  C.   Only management must be concerned about promoting ethics in risk management. 
  D.   It’s helpful to reward unethical behavior. 
  
62.  By using a central data repository for financial information, companies receive 
  A.   up-to-date data. 
  B.   slower responses to queries. 
  C.   less predictability. 
  D.   inconsistent data. 
  
63.  Just before the beginning of the year, Audrey is working with a management team to develop a budget 
forecasting the revenues and expenses expected for the coming year. What type of budget is Audrey’s 
company using? 
  A.   Cash budget 
  B.   Operating budget 
  C.   Promotional budget 
  D.   Long-term budget 
  
2023 HS ICDC FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM 10 
 
Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio 
64.  Nathan develops a budget for his business and runs it past the different members of his management team. He 
wants to make sure they understand and agree with its details before implementation, because this will help the 
company coordinate its efforts to meet financial goals. This example demonstrates the importance of 
__________ in the development of an effective budget. 
  A.   rewards 
  B.   accuracy 
  C.   company-wide support 
  D.   long-term motivation 
  
65.  Zach wants to better understand how his company compares to its competition. He intends to run financial 
analyses to compare the business practices and standards between firms in his industry. What strategy is Zach 
using? 
  A.   Smishing 
  B.   Benchmarking 
  C.   Forecasting 
  D.   Exporting 
  
66.  Which of the following statements about the use of technology in financial analysis is true: 
  A.   Its use is declining within certain industries. 
  B.   It is reserved for legal corporations. 
  C.   It only supports outdated methodologies. 
  D.   It helps inform and support decision-making. 
  
67.  Which of the following methodologies focuses most on eliminating waste to maximize value: 
  A.   Licensing 
  B.   Six Sigma 
  C.   Sustainability 
  D.   Lean 
  
68.  A cell phone company is focusing its marketing efforts on communicating with customers and putting its 
products in an accessible location. What two marketing elements is the company prioritizing? 
  A.   Promotion and product 
  B.   Promotion and place 
  C.   Place and price 
  D.   Price and product 
  
69.  Which of the following statements about creating a basic web page is true: 
  A.   Finding a host for the page isn't necessary. 
  B.   You should learn basic HTML code. 
  C.   You will not need a web editor. 
  D.   Previewing your page is a waste of time. 
  
2023 HS ICDC FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM 11 
 
Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio 
70.  If you want to explore a topic in depth through a group discussion, which of the following procedures for 
obtaining information would you use: 
  A.   Survey group 
  B.   Focus group 
  C.   Observation 
  D.   Interview 
  
71.  When ethics are part of information management, 
  A.   personal files can be corrupted. 
  B.   personal privacy can be invaded. 
  C.   piracy is more likely. 
  D.   information is better protected. 
  
72.  Data normalization involves creating a(n) __________ for all data within an organization. 
  A.   anomaly set 
  B.   search query 
  C.   group command 
  D.   standard format 
  
73.  Brody uses Benford’s Law when reviewing a financial statement because it helps 
  A.   predict financial performance. 
  B.   locate the break-even point. 
  C.   detect the possibility of fraud. 
  D.   disseminate information. 
  
74.  If there is an accident in the workplace, in what time frame should a manager complete an initial incident report? 
  A.   3 weeks 
  B.   24 hours 
  C.   10 days  
  D.   1 week 
  
75.  Phil typically works at his office from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Although he is a valuable member of his team, he spends 
at least 1 hour of every workday playing games on his phone. When he records his time, he consistently logs 8 
hours, even though he typically only works 7. Phil is guilty of 
  A.   time theft. 
  B.   impartiality. 
  C.   misusing company equipment. 
  D.   unethical inventory management. 
  
76.  During a one-on-one meeting with his boss, Joe learned important information about a high-profile client. His 
boss asked him not to share the information with anyone so it would remain 
  A.   on the record. 
  B.   public. 
  C.   confidential. 
  D.   personal. 
  
2023 HS ICDC FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM 12 
 
Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio 
77.  Russell, the manager of a department store, is known for his organization skills and has a habit of planning 
projects. Russell tends to set smaller project goals for his team members that contribute to the long-term goals 
of the project. As a result, his team is very organized and works diligently to achieve these short-term goals. 
This is an example of how planning is 
  A.   influenced by the potential risks. 
  B.   impacted by the project's leadership. 
  C.   emphasized by the political environment. 
  D.   affected by the project's budget. 
  
78.  Two of Toby’s close friends get into a fight. Toby doesn’t want to get involved, but both friends are demanding 
that he hear their perspective and resolve the matter. This is an example of a __________ problem. 
  A.   school 
  B.   work 
  C.   peer 
  D.   personal 
  
79.  A claims adjuster is most likely to work within which of the following areas of the finance industry: 
  A.   Securities and investments 
  B.   Corporate finance 
  C.   Insurance 
  D.   Banking services 
  
80.  Which of the following job tasks is most likely to fall within the finance industry: 
  A.   Investigating fraud 
  B.   Advertising products 
  C.   Planning a vacation 
  D.   Growing a business 
  
81.  Which of the following statements about professional associations in the finance industry is true: 
  A.   The financial services industry only has national associations. 
  B.   Financial advisors are required to join a professional association. 
  C.   Professional associations are uniform in cost, size, and history. 
  D.   Joining a professional association can help with networking. 
  
82.  Which of the following policies encourages a healthy work-life balance for employees: 
  A.   No paid leave rollover 
  B.   Restrictive maternity leave 
  C.   A flexible work schedule 
  D.   Working weekends 
  
83.  Corporate governance is important because it 
  A.   often results in scandals and bankruptcy. 
  B.   produces noncompliant financial documents. 
  C.   balances the interests of different stakeholders. 
  D.   makes it difficult to oust ineffective leaders. 
  
2023 HS ICDC FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM 13 
 
Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio 
84.  A possible consequence of poorly-executed corporate governance is 
  A.   limited profitability. 
  B.   increased ethics. 
  C.   decreased risk. 
  D.   greater payroll. 
  
85.  Generally, a company’s board of directors makes decisions on behalf of the company as a(n) 
  A.   president. 
  B.   actuary. 
  C.   fiduciary. 
  D.   consumer. 
  
86.  A company’s board of directors frequently provides timely, accurate, and clear information about the business’s 
anticipated risks and financial performance. What ethical principle is demonstrated in this example? 
  A.   Fairness 
  B.   Respect 
  C.   Accountability 
  D.   Transparency 
  
87.  What is a benefit of setting organizational goals? 
  A.   It is easier to assess organizational progress. 
  B.   Organizations will be unable to make changes. 
  C.   There is no need for channel management.  
  D.   Organizations will have fewer expenses. 
  
88.  How do employees benefit from being involved in achieving governance objectives? 
  A.   Increased job satisfaction  
  B.   Reduced communication 
  C.   Limited union support 
  D.   Greater profits 
  
89.  A company budgeted $20,000 for its monthly sales, but only earned $16,000 by the end of the month. When 
conducting a variance analysis, what is the variance in this situation? 
  A.   $4,000 
  B.   $36,000 
  C.   $16,000 
  D.   $20,000 
  
90.  Many companies aim for excellent corporate governance, because for many stakeholders, it is often not enough 
for a company to simply be profitable. The company must also 
  A.   appoint government officers. 
  B.   facilitate the lowering of capital. 
  C.   demonstrate social responsibility. 
  D.   increase the chance of corruption. 
  
2023 HS ICDC FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM 14 
 
Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio 
91.  Lyudmila’s company uses the McKinsey 7-S model for its strategic planning because it helps the company 
identify where it excels and where it needs improvement. Which of the following S-components would most 
likely assess the company’s management functions: 
  A.   Skills 
  B.   Shared values 
  C.   Strategy 
  D.   Structure 
  
92.  Corporate governance can greatly impact company decision-making because governance processes act as 
__________ reaching company goals. 
  A.   a framework for 
  B.   stakeholders 
  C.   brainstorming before 
  D.   a bulwark against 
  
93.  Lena is deciding whether to purchase flood insurance for her company. On one hand, she is putting the 
company and its employees at risk if there is no insurance. On the other hand, the insurance is costly and isn’t 
technically required by law. This is an example of a(n) __________ issue in risk management. 
  A.   political 
  B.   financial 
  C.   technological 
  D.   ethical 
  
94.  Emi wants to better understand her company’s financial performance over several years. To best compare 
historical data over a number of accounting periods, Emi should use __________ analysis. 
  A.   break-even 
  B.   horizontal 
  C.   SWOT 
  D.   vertical 
  
95.  Which of the following helps businesses predict risk for a given strategy or initiative: 
  A.   Risk checklist 
  B.   Retroactive risk 
  C.   Risk tolerance 
  D.   Risk model 
  
96.  Which of the following is a possible legal result of effective risk management: 
  A.   Decreased compliance with laws 
  B.   Increased workplace safety 
  C.   Reduced liability exposure 
  D.   Improved operational efficiency 
  
97.  Which of the following is an example of external risk: 
  A.   Ineffective leadership 
  B.   Union strikes 
  C.   Changes in import laws 
  D.   Outdated technology 
2023 HS ICDC FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM 15 
 
Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio 
98.  Which of the following is an example of internal risk: 
  A.   Changes in export laws 
  B.   An economic downturn 
  C.   Injured employees 
  D.   An earthquake 
  
99.  Which of the following is the best way to describe enterprise risk management: 
  A.   Traditional strategy 
  B.   Bottom-up approach 
  C.   Divisive approach 
  D.   Firmwide strategy 
  
100.  A company implementing enterprise risk management has placed a keypad at the entry of a sensitive area as 
an internal control measure. This is an example of __________ control. 
  A.   quality 
  B.   preventative 
  C.   self 
  D.   detective

/////


2023 HS ICDC FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY 16 
 
Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio 
64. C 
 
Company-wide support. A budget is an estimate of income and expenses for a specific period of time. Effective 
budgets should be realistic, empowering, motivating, coordinated, and supported by members across an 
organization. When a budget has company-wide support, it is more likely to be implemented effectively in 
different departments as they work toward shared company goals. This example does not demonstrate 
accuracy, motivation, or rewards. 
 SOURCE: FM:013 Demonstrate budgeting applications 
 SOURCE: Virginia Credit Union. (2023). 10 characteristics of the best budgets. Retrieved January 5, 2023, from 
https://www.vacu.org/learn/financial-management/budgeting/10-characteristics-of-the-best-budgets  
  
65. B 
 
Benchmarking. Benchmarking is a financial analysis tool that helps companies see how they compare to their 
competition in the same industry, using standards—or benchmarks—as points of reference for comparison and 
evaluation. Financial forecasting uses a company’s historical performance data to predict its financial future. 
Exporting is the process of selling goods and services to individuals, businesses, or governments in other 
countries. Similar to phishing, smishing is an illegal activity that involves posing as a financial institution or other 
business and sending fraudulent text messages requesting personal information such as account numbers and 
passwords. 
 SOURCE: FM:014 Demonstrate financial analysis applications 
 SOURCE: Wealthspire Advisors. (2023). Benchmark. Retrieved January 4, 2023, from 
https://www.wealthspire.com/financial-dictionary/benchmark/  
  
66. D 
 
It helps inform and support decision-making. Financial analysis is the process of planning, maintaining, 
monitoring, controlling, and reporting the use of financial resources. The use of technology is instrumental in the 
facilitation of timely, efficient financial analysis because it helps companies organize and glean information from 
large sets of data. As a result, technology informs and supports decision-making by company leadership. The 
use of technology does not only support outdated methodologies and is not reserved for legal corporations, as 
technology is used—usually increasingly—in financial analysis by companies regardless of size or industry. 
 SOURCE: FM:014 Demonstrate financial analysis applications 
 SOURCE: TechFunnel. (2022, April 18). What is financial analysis? 6 reasons it is important. Retrieved January 
5, 2023, from https://www.techfunnel.com/fintech/financial-analytics/  
  
67. D 
 
Lean. Lean production, often referred to simply as “lean,” is a quality-control method that focuses on maximizing 
customer value while minimizing waste. Six Sigma is a popular quality-management methodology that relies on 
a five-step approach to improve any business process. Lean Six Sigma is an offshoot of traditional Six Sigma 
methodology that nevertheless prioritizes waste elimination. Sustainability is the successful long-term 
management of an organization’s financial, social, and environmental risks, opportunities, and obligations. 
Licensing involves issuing a government permit that allows an individual or a business to function in the 
marketplace. 
 SOURCE: FM:016 Discuss non-traditional uses for financial information (e.g., lean, sustainability reporting, 
activity-based costing [ABC], six sigma) 
 SOURCE: Purdue University. (2021, June 7). Six sigma vs lean six sigma: What’s the difference? Retrieved 
January 5, 2023, from https://www.purdue.edu/leansixsigmaonline/blog/six-sigma-vs-lean-six-sigma/  
  
2023 HS ICDC FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY 17 
 
Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio 
68. B 
 
Promotion and place. The cell phone company is prioritizing the marketing elements of promotion and place. 
Promotion is a marketing function needed to communicate information about goods, services, images, and/or 
ideas with customers to achieve a desired outcome. The company focusing its marketing efforts on 
communicating with others demonstrates the use of promotion. Place is focused on considerations in getting a 
selected product in the right place at the right time. The company focusing on putting its products in an 
accessible location demonstrates the use of the place marketing element. Product refers to what goods, 
services, or ideas a business will offer its customers, while price is the amount of money marketers will ask in 
exchange for their products. There aren’t any indications that the cell phone company is using the product or 
price marketing elements. 
 SOURCE: MK:001 Explain marketing and its importance in a global economy 
 SOURCE: LAP-MK-901—Have It Your Way! (Nature of Marketing) 
  
69. B 
 
You should learn basic HTML code. HTML is the building block of web pages, as it is the code that makes the 
web page work. A basic understanding of HTML will help you build and maintain your pages. You will need a 
web editor to build a web page, as you type HTML into the web editor. From there, you can build your page in 
the web editor and save it to a hard drive, where you will then upload your page to a host. A host is necessary, 
as a web page cannot exist without one. It is important to preview your web page before you save it and before 
you make the web page live, as you want to make sure there aren't any mistakes or inconsistencies on your 
page. 
 SOURCE: NF:042 Create and post basic web page 
 SOURCE: Kyrnin, J. (2020, January 30). How to build your first web page. Retrieved February 2, 2023, from 
https://www.thoughtco.com/how-to-build-a-web-page-3466384  
  
70. B 
 
Focus group. A focus group is a group formed for the purpose of discussing a specific topic. Focus groups can 
be an efficient way to receive a range and depth of information in a short period of time. Observation, 
interviews, and surveys are other procedures that can be used for obtaining information, but none are 
necessarily conducted in a group discussion. A survey group is a fictitious term. 
 SOURCE: NF:078 Obtain needed information efficiently 
 SOURCE: McNamara, C. (2022, January 18). Overview of basic methods to collect information. Retrieved 
September 12, 2022, from https://managementhelp.org/businessresearch/methods.htm  
  
71. D 
 
Information is better protected. Personal privacy is one of the main ethical issues in information management. 
When ethics are considered and followed in information management, it is more likely your information will be 
better protected. In addition, it is less likely your personal privacy will be invaded, your personal files will be 
corrupted, or piracy will occur. Invasion of personal privacy, piracy, and corruption of personal files are all 
unethical actions in information management. 
 SOURCE: NF:111 Explain the role of ethics in information management 
 SOURCE: GeeksforGeeks. (2020, January 27). Ethical issues in information technology (IT). Retrieved 
September 12, 2022, from https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/ethical-issues-in-information-technology-it  
  
2023 HS ICDC FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY 18 
 
Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio 
72. D 
 
Standard format. Data normalization involves creating a standard format for all data within an organization. By 
standardizing the format of all data, businesses can conduct more accurate and efficient information analyses. 
Data normalization can also lead to more space being available within a database, faster answers to questions, 
and better segmentation. Data normalization does not typically involve creating a search query, group 
command, or anomaly set for all data within an organization. 
 SOURCE: NF:124 Demonstrate advanced database applications 
 SOURCE: Watts, S. (2020, April 21). What is data normalization? Retrieved January 4, 2023, 
from https://www.bmc.com/blogs/data-normalization/  
  
73. C 
 
Detect the possibility of fraud. Benford’s Law explores the distribution of digits in a large, randomly-generated 
set of natural numbers. In this data set, the most frequent leading digit is 1, followed by 2, 3, 4, etc., 
exponentially decreasing until the least frequent leading digit, 9. When applied to data analytics and financial 
statements, this law helps identify possible deviations from this pattern, which could indicate fraudulently 
manufactured numbers. Benford’s Law does not necessarily locate the break-even point, predict financial 
performance, or disseminate information.  
 SOURCE: NF:124 Demonstrate advanced database applications 
 SOURCE: Sarkar, T. (2018, October 25). What is Benford’s Law and why is it important for data science? 
Retrieved January 4, 2023, from https://towardsdatascience.com/what-is-benfords-law-and-why-is-it-
important-for-data-science-312cb8b61048  
  
74. B 
 
24 hours. If there is an accident in the workplace, an initial report should be completed and sent to the 
necessary individuals within 24 hours of the incident. Once the initial report is completed, a follow-up report that 
details recommended action should be started within 48 hours and completed within 30 days. In terms of filing 
an initial report, 1 week, 10 days, and 3 weeks are all too long to wait to complete it. 
 SOURCE: OP:010 Handle and report emergency situations 
 SOURCE: CBIA. (2015, October 13). Responding to workplace accidents. Retrieved September 14, 2022, from 
https://www.cbia.com/resources/hr-safety/responding-to-workplace-accidents  
  
75. A 
 
Time theft. Time theft occurs when an employee spends company time on personal matters, such as texting or 
playing games, when they should be working. Time theft causes a loss in productivity and, eventually, 
profitability as well. Phil is not guilty of unethical inventory management or misusing company equipment. Phil 
playing games on his phone doesn't demonstrate impartiality. 
 SOURCE: OP:190 Discuss the role of ethics in operations 
 SOURCE: LAP-OP-190—Above Board (Ethics in Operations) 
  
2023 HS ICDC FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY 19 
 
Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio 
76. C 
 
Confidential. Confidential information is meant to be held in confidence, meaning that there is an expectation 
that the information will only be shared when authorized and with authorized individuals. Confidential 
information typically cannot be shared without the express consent of the client. Joe’s boss asked him not to 
share important client information so it would remain with only authorized individuals and, therefore, be 
confidential. Public information is information that is widely available. On the record information is that which is 
used in reference to the making of an official or public statement. Personal information is information that can 
be used to distinguish or trace an individual's identity. Personal information doesn’t necessarily have to be 
confidential. 
 SOURCE: OP:441 Explain information privacy, security, and confidentiality considerations in business 
 SOURCE: Findlaw. (2020, March 18). Is there a difference between confidentiality and privacy? Retrieved 
September 14, 2022, from https://www.findlaw.com/criminal/criminal-rights/is-there-a-difference-
between-confidentiality-and-privacy.html  
  
77. B 
 
Impacted by the project's leadership. Whoever is in charge of the project has an impact on how it is planned. 
Russell is known for his organization skills, has a habit of planning ahead on projects, and tends to set smaller 
project goals for his team members. As a result, his team's plans are in line with his, as they work diligently to 
achieve these short-term goals, which helps the long-term plans of the project. This is not an example of how 
planning is influenced by the potential risks, affected by the project's budget, or emphasized by the political 
environment. 
 SOURCE: OP:519 Plan project 
 SOURCE: LAP-OP-519—Plan On It! (Planning Projects) 
  
78. C 
 
Peer. Toby’s dilemma with his feuding friends is a peer problem. Problems with peers occur among people who 
are similar in age and background. This type of problem can range from a simple misunderstanding to a full-
blown conflict. Although Toby’s problem may affect his personal life, life at school, or life at work, it is a peer 
problem at its core. 
 SOURCE: PD:077 Demonstrate problem-solving skills 
 SOURCE: LAP-PD-077—No Problem (Demonstrating Problem-Solving Skills) 
  
79. C 
 
Insurance. There are many potential careers within the insurance industry, which exists to protect individuals 
and businesses from financial losses. The insurance industry delivers “products” that transfer risk from an 
individual or business to an insurance company. Positions within the insurance industry include benefits 
consultant, underwriter, actuary, and claims adjuster. People who work in corporate finance are in charge of 
finding money for their company and then making sure that money is managed correctly. Banking services 
careers are primarily concerned with accepting deposits, lending funds, and extending credit, but they also deal 
with things like cash management, short-term investments, mortgages and other loans, credit cards, and bill 
payment. The securities and investments industry supports the flow of funds from investors to companies and 
institutions. A claims adjuster would not work within corporate finance, banking services, or securities and 
investments. 
 SOURCE: PD:152 Discuss employment opportunities in the finance industry 
 SOURCE: LAP-PD-152—Career Opportunities in Finance 
  
2023 HS ICDC FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY 20 
 
Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio 
80. A 
 
Investigating fraud. Any job that involves the management of money is considered a finance job. When you’re 
working in finance, you might investigate fraud, help someone with their taxes, or handle the finances of a large 
company. Entrepreneurs, rather than those within the finance industry, are often responsible for growing a 
business, sometimes from small operations to organizations that employ thousands of workers. Advertising 
products is a task that typically falls to those with careers in marketing. Planning a vacation—as well as helping 
guests at a resort and working at a restaurant, for example—are responsibilities within the hospitality and 
tourism industry. 
 SOURCE: PD:152 Discuss employment opportunities in the finance industry 
 SOURCE: LAP-PD-152—Career Opportunities in Finance 
  
81. D 
 
Joining a professional association can help with networking. Professional organizations, including those in the 
finance industry, offer many benefits, including quality networking, help with continuing education, and industry 
support. Those working in the financial industry—such as financial advisors—are not required to join a 
professional association, but they are likely to benefit from doing so. No professional associations are the same, 
so even those within the finance industry will vary by cost, size, history, and specialty. The finance industry 
offers many associations at different levels, including national, regional, state, etc. 
 SOURCE: PD:153 Discuss opportunities for building professional relationships in finance 
 SOURCE: Cussen, M.P. (2022, October 31). 4 associations financial advisors should join. Retrieved January 4, 
2023, from https://www.investopedia.com/articles/financial-advisors/121515/4-professional-
associations-advisors-should-join.asp  
  
82. C 
 
A flexible work schedule. Policies such as flexible start and end times, allowing for remote days, and a reduced 
workweek help encourage a healthy work-life balance. Restricting maternity leave, making employees work 
weekends, and not allowing paid leave to roll over into the next year do not encourage a healthy work-life 
balance, because these policies often require employees to work with little time for life outside of work. 
 SOURCE: PD:179 Balance personal and professional responsibilities 
 SOURCE: Heathfield, S. (2020, January 1). How to encourage work-life balance for employees. Retrieved 
September 15, 2022, from https://www.liveabout.com/top-ways-to-encourage-employee-work-
balance-1919353  
  
83. C 
 
Balances the interests of different stakeholders. A company’s corporate governance is the system by which 
directors handle their responsibility toward shareholders. Corporate governance is important because it helps 
balance the interests of different stakeholders in the efficient running of a company. Effective corporate 
governance helps avoid scandals and bankruptcy. It also helps companies cooperate with auditors, leading to 
the publication of compliant financial documents, as well as makes it easier to oust ineffective leaders on the 
board of directors. 
 SOURCE: PD:213 Discuss the importance of corporate governance in business 
 SOURCE: Chen, J. (2022, August 18). Corporate governance definition: How it works, principles, and 
examples. Retrieved December 21, 2022, from 
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/corporategovernance.asp  
  
2023 HS ICDC FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY 21 
 
Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio 
84. A 
 
Limited profitability. A company’s corporate governance is the system by which directors handle their 
responsibility toward shareholders. Governance processes can act as a framework for reaching company goals 
and objectives, as corporate governance is part of nearly all areas of management and strategy, and it greatly 
impacts decision-making. Therefore, poorly-executed corporate governance can result in negative 
consequences for a business, such as limiting its profitability. Increased ethics, decreased risk, and greater 
payroll are not typically consequences of poorly-executed corporate governance. 
 SOURCE: PD:213 Discuss the importance of corporate governance in business 
 SOURCE: Chen, J. (2022, August 18). Corporate governance: How it works, principles, and examples. 
Retrieved January 4, 2023, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/corporategovernance.asp   
  
85. C 
 
Fiduciary. A company’s board of directors—a group of people chosen to govern the activities of a corporation—
make decisions on behalf of the company as a fiduciary. A fiduciary is an entity that acts on behalf of another, 
putting that client’s interests ahead of their own. A board of directors is responsible for making decisions that 
will benefit the company and its stakeholders (and not simply themselves). A company’s board of directors does 
not act as president or consumers. An actuary is a person who assesses risk. 
 SOURCE: PD:214 Describe the components of a well-governed company (e.g., board of directors, reporting, 
transparency, internal and external audit functions) 
 SOURCE: Chen, J. (2022, April 14). Board of directors: What it is, what its role is. Retrieved December 21, 
2022, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/b/boardofdirectors.asp  
  
86. D 
 
Transparency. Transparency involves maintaining open and honest communications, which establishes 
trustworthiness. When the company’s board of directors provides timely, accurate, and clear information, it is 
being transparent about the status and performance of the company. Transparency is an important component 
of a well-governed company. Fairness is the ability to make judgments and act without favoritism or self-
interest. Accountability is accepting responsibility for decisions. Respect is honoring the rights, freedoms, views, 
and property of others. Fairness, accountability, and respect are important elements of corporate governance, 
but they are not demonstrated in this example. 
 SOURCE: PD:214 Describe the components of a well-governed company (e.g., board of directors, reporting, 
transparency, internal and external audit functions) 
 SOURCE: Chen, J. (2022, August 18). Corporate governance definition: How it works, principles, and 
examples. Retrieved December 21, 2022, from 
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/corporategovernance.asp  
  
87. A 
 
It is easier to assess organizational progress. Setting clear, overarching goals allows organizations to have a 
coherent and united vision and monitor their progress toward achieving those goals over time. Having 
organizational goals does not necessarily mean that organizations will have fewer expenses in their day-to-day 
operations. Having organizational goals does not mean that organizations cannot change or shift directions if 
needed. Channel management is still needed for most companies, regardless of their organizational goals. 
 SOURCE: PD:254 Determine the nature of organizational goals 
 SOURCE: Gartenstein, D. (2019, February 12). Why is goal setting important in organizations? Retrieved 
September 15, 2022, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/goal-setting-important-organizations-
2509.html  
  
2023 HS ICDC FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY 22 
 
Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio 
88. A 
 
Increased job satisfaction. Governance objectives are company goals that serve as the foundation for company 
culture and decision-making. It’s important to involve employees in achieving governance objectives, as this can 
lead to increased job satisfaction and a positive attitude. Union support is a strategy used to increase employee 
involvement in the achievement of governance objects, rather than a benefit or consequence of it. Greater 
profits are a benefit experienced by the company rather than individual employees. Involving employees in 
achieving governance objectives often leads to greater, not reduced, communication. 
 SOURCE: PD:301 Ascertain employee's role in achieving governance objectives 
 SOURCE: Kinsey, A. (2020, July 13). How to align employees with company goals. Retrieved January 4, 2023, 
from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/align-employees-company-goals-11667.html  
  
89. A 
 
$4,000. A variance is the difference between a budgeted amount and an actual amount. A variance analysis is 
the quantitative investigation of the difference between a planned outcome and the actual outcome. When 
conducting a variance analysis in this situation, $4,000 is the variance, as the difference between $20,000 and 
$16,000 is $4,000. 
 SOURCE: FI:661 Discuss the use of variance analysis in managerial accounting 
 SOURCE: Bragg, S. (2022, May 1). Variance analysis definition. Retrieved January 9, 2023, from 
https://www.accountingtools.com/articles/what-is-variance-analysis.html  
  
90. C 
 
Demonstrate social responsibility. A company’s corporate governance is the system by which directors handle 
their responsibility toward shareholders. The company’s main responsibility toward shareholders is to be 
profitable—but many stakeholders want companies to be socially responsible, too. Corporate social 
responsibility is the duty of businesses to contribute to the well-being of society, such as through environmental 
awareness and ethical behavior. Corporate governance can facilitate the raising (not lowering) of capital, and it 
should not increase the chance of corruption. Appointing government officers is not a responsibility of 
companies. 
 SOURCE: PD:302 Identify the factors that impact governance structures 
 SOURCE: Chen, J. (2022, August 18). Corporate governance definition: How it works, principles, and 
examples. Retrieved December 21, 2022, from 
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/corporategovernance.asp  
  
91. D 
 
Structure. The McKinsey 7-S model is used for strategic planning and involves seven S-components: strategy, 
structure, systems, shared values, skills, style, and staff. The structure component of the McKinsey 7-S model 
assesses the company’s organizational hierarchy (e.g., the chain of command, managerial configuration, and 
employee responsibilities). Therefore, the structure component is mostly likely to assess the company’s 
management functions. The shared values component (norms within the company), strategy component (the 
company’s long-term plan), and skills component (staff’s abilities) are less likely to assess the company’s 
management functions. 
 SOURCE: PD:303 Describe the impact of governance processes on decision-making and management 
functions 
 SOURCE: Kenton, W. (2021, August 14). How to use the McKinsey 7-S Model for strategic planning. Retrieved 
December 21, 2022, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/m/mckinsey-7s-model.asp  
  
2023 HS ICDC FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY 23 
 
Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio 
92. A 
 
A framework for. A company’s corporate governance is the system by which directors handle their responsibility 
toward shareholders. Governance processes can act as a framework for reaching company goals and 
objectives, as corporate governance is part of nearly all areas of management and strategy, and it greatly 
impacts decision-making. Governance processes do not act as a bulwark (protection) against reaching 
company goals; instead, they help companies achieve them. Governance processes also do not serve as 
stakeholders or brainstorming activities. 
 SOURCE: PD:303 Describe the impact of governance processes on decision-making and management 
functions 
 SOURCE: Chen, J. (2022, August 18). Corporate governance definition: How it works, principles, and 
examples. Retrieved December 21, 2022, from 
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/corporategovernance.asp  
  
93. D 
 
Ethical. Insurance is one significant aspect of risk management, and dealing with insurance companies 
presents a whole new array of ethical issues. One of these is the decision whether to purchase certain types of 
insurance that are not required by law, such as flood insurance. Insurance is costly, so management might be 
tempted to avoid any unnecessary costs. However, managers expose the business to risk when doing so. In 
general, risk managers must look out for the best interests of the employees and companies rather than 
shirking their responsibilities. This scenario is not an example of technological, political, or financial issues in 
risk management. 
 SOURCE: RM:041 Explain the role of ethics in risk management 
 SOURCE: LAP-RM-041—Manage Risk the Right Way (Ethics in Risk Management) 
  
94. B 
 
Horizontal. A horizontal analysis is a financial analysis technique that looks at data over multiple periods, such 
as year-over-year (YoY). In other words, horizontal analysis occurs by looking left and right (horizontally) across 
a collection of company financial statements over time. A vertical analysis is a financial analysis technique that 
reviews line items (such as those found on an income statement) as a proportion of revenue. It occurs by 
looking up and down (vertically) a financial document. A SWOT analysis is a marketing tool that investigates a 
business’s strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats. A break-even analysis is the process of 
determining the level at which revenues equal total costs. 
 SOURCE: FM:009 Describe techniques used to analyze customer financial information 
 SOURCE: Tuovila, A. (2022, December 14). Horizontal analysis: What it is vs. vertical analysis. Retrieved 
January 5, 2023, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/h/horizontalanalysis.asp  
  
95. D 
 
Risk model. A risk model is a tool used to help businesses predict risk for a given strategy or initiative. By 
inputting certain data or goals into a system, the risk model then provides a prediction (e.g., investment analysis 
or operational patterns) that helps leadership with decision-making. Retroactive risks are those that have 
previously occurred. A risk checklist is a standardized list of risks that a business faces on a regular basis used 
to speed up the risk-identification process. Risk tolerance is a measure of how much risk an investor is willing to 
accept in exchange for potentially high returns.  
 SOURCE: RM:042 Describe the use of technology in risk management 
 SOURCE: Meinert, K. (2016). Risk modeling: What to know about risk models. Retrieved December 21, 2022, 
from https://www.hni.com/blog/risk-modeling-what-to-know-about-risk-models  
  
2023 HS ICDC FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY 24 
 
Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio 
96. C 
 
Reduced liability exposure. One risk that many companies face is liability associated with their products. Many 
products carry the risk of harming or injuring customers. Risk management is concerned with protecting 
companies from being liable if their products cause harm, and effective risk management helps reduce a 
company’s liability exposure. It also increases, not decreases, an organization’s compliance with laws. Effective 
risk management can lead to improved operational efficiency and increased workplace safety, but those are not 
necessarily legal results. 
 SOURCE: RM:043 Discuss legal considerations affecting risk management 
 SOURCE: Tucci, L. (2021, October 12). What is risk management and why is it important? Retrieved December 
21, 2022, from https://www.techtarget.com/searchsecurity/definition/What-is-risk-management-and-
why-is-it-important  
  
97. C 
 
Changes in import laws. No matter how big or small an organization is, it will face many types of risks, both 
external and internal. External risk factors include economic risk (e.g., changes in market conditions), natural 
risk (e.g., natural disasters), and political risk (e.g., changes in import and export laws). Internal risk factors 
include human-factor risk (e.g., union strikes and ineffective leadership), technological risk (e.g., outdated 
technology), and physical risk (e.g., damage to company assets). 
 SOURCE: RM:058 Discuss the nature of risk control (i.e., internal and external) 
 SOURCE: Beers, B. (2022, November 28). How companies can reduce internal and external business risk. 
Retrieved December 21, 2022, from https://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/050115/how-can-
companies-reduce-internal-and-external-business-risk.asp  
  
98. C 
 
Injured employees. No matter how big or small an organization is, it will face many types of risks, both internal 
and external. Internal risk factors include human-factor risk (e.g., injured or dishonest employees), technological 
risk (e.g., outdated technology), and physical risk (e.g., damage to company assets). External risk factors 
include economic risk (e.g., an economic downturn), natural risk (e.g., an earthquake), and political risk (e.g., 
changes in import and export laws). 
 SOURCE: RM:058 Discuss the nature of risk control (i.e., internal and external) 
 SOURCE: Beers, B. (2022, November 28). How companies can reduce internal and external business risk. 
Retrieved December 21, 2022, from https://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/050115/how-can-
companies-reduce-internal-and-external-business-risk.asp  
  
99. D 
 
Firmwide strategy. Enterprise risk management is a firmwide, top-down business strategy that involves 
planning, controlling, preventing, and procedures used by management to limit company losses. This 
nontraditional approach considers risk management from the perspective of the entire organization rather than 
by distinct business units. Given its comprehensiveness, enterprise risk management is not typically described 
as divisive. 
 SOURCE: RM:062 Discuss the nature of enterprise risk management (ERM) 
 SOURCE: Hayes, A. (2022, September 7). Enterprise risk management (ERM): What is it and how it works. 
Retrieved December 21, 2022, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/e/enterprise-risk-
management.asp  
  
2023 HS ICDC FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY 25 
 
Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio 
100. B 
 
Preventative. Enterprise risk management is a firmwide, top-down business strategy that involves planning, 
controlling, preventing, and procedures used by management to limit company losses. As part of their 
enterprise risk management implementation, companies typically conduct control activities to help mitigate risk. 
Control activities (or internal controls) can be preventative, which means stopping something before it happens 
(e.g., placing a keypad at the entry of a sensitive area). Or, internal controls can be detective, which means 
recognizing when something has happened (e.g., setting an alarm to sound when a sensitive area has been 
breached). Quality control is a process businesses use to check for defects after products have been produced. 
Self-control is the restraint of feelings, words, and actions. 
 SOURCE: RM:062 Discuss the nature of enterprise risk management (ERM) 
 SOURCE: Hayes, A. (2022, September 7). Enterprise risk management (ERM): What is it and how it works. 
Retrieved December 21, 2022, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/e/enterprise-risk-
management.asp  
  
 
