1. Sheree, who owns a popular family-style restaurant, recently asked her attorney to prepare a document to protect her famous chicken noodle soup recipe. Sheree signed the document containing the recipe and had it notarized. This document is designed to protect Sheree's
A. copyright
B. trade secret
C. trademark
D. patent

2. What is typically the most significant role of a compliance officer in a bank, investment company, or insurance company?
A. To ensure that the company is following financial laws
B. To enforce the business's code of conduct
C. To educate employees on industry ethics
D. To ensure employees follow company policies and procedures

3. An annual audit is an example of a(n) __________ internal control.
A. corrective
B. detective
C. reconciliation
D. preventative

4. Which of the following is a benefit of using artificial intelligence in compliance:
A. Increases costs
B. Increases false positives
C. Reduces human error
D. Reduces efficiency

5. Mooreshead Bank has placed a claim on Marc's property to protect Mooreshead from financial loss if Marc is unable to pay back his bank loan. Mooreshead has secured a __________ against Marc's property.
A. license
B. lien
C. label
D. ledger

6. Charlotte, an investment advisor, does more than simply sell stocks and bonds. She also provides investing advice to her clients on an ongoing basis. She talks with clients about their short-term and long-term investing goals and helps them select the investments that are best for them. Charlotte acts as her clients'
A. credit analyst
B. accountant
C. fiduciary
D. institutional investor

7. Robert has learned that his company will announce a round of layoffs in two weeks. Robert decides to sell some of the stock options he had in the company before the news of the layoffs goes public. He tells his friends to do the same. This is an example of
A. extortion
B. corporate espionage
C. corporate fraud
D. insider trading

8. Raheem recently sold an investment that he had owned for five years. He sold the investment for considerably more money than he had spent on it originally. Raheem is likely to owe __________ tax on the profit that he made from the sale of the investment.
A. income
B. long-term capital gains
C. short-term capital gains
D. excise

9. What is a benefit of having established policies for taking breaks and requesting time off?
A. Less confusion among employees
B. More power for management
C. More open door policies
D. Fewer government incentives

10. Which of the following is a good way to end a business phone call:
A. Offer your email address if the caller needs additional information
B. List all of the points made in the call
C. Make small talk about the caller's day
D. Wait for the caller to speak before deciding the call is over

11. What should be included early in a written report?
A. A description of the research method and findings
B. A broad sentence detailing numerous arguments
C. A listing of the printed and online sources cited in the report
D. A specific sentence that highlights the main idea of the report

12. A video conference call is a __________ channel of communication.
A. lean
B. rich
C. slight
D. detailed

13. A magazine advertisement is an example of
A. word-of-mouth marketing
B. publicity
C. a touchpoint
D. a brand promise

14. Which of the following forms of customer management is most likely to look outward and have a customer-centric focus:
A. Customer relationship management
B. Customer experience management
C. Structured customer management
D. Inverse customer management

15. What is the primary role of financial planners?
A. To ensure businesses are compliant with government regulation
B. To make the most money for their own firms
C. To trade with other planners in the stock market
D. To help clients make wise investments and prepare for the future

16. What is the primary purpose of customer-relationship management technology?
A. To compile a mass email list
B. To make phone calls to keep customers interested
C. To archive past sales only
D. To establish stronger connections with customers

17. Businesses use marginal analysis for the purpose of
A. maximizing profit
B. increasing productivity
C. eliminating mistakes
D. maintaining reputation

18. Valerie used to wait all year for her family's trip to the beach, where she bought saltwater taffy and homemade fudge. Now, she can order the sweets online and have them whenever she wants. This is an example of how
A. utility is constant and unchanging
B. place utility is not important
C. business can create form utility
D. the Internet has changed utility

19. A company moves its manufacturing facilities to another country, where it is able to pay employees much less money. Many people see this action as unethical, but what reason might the company use to defend itself?
A. The action is acceptable in a foreign culture
B. The action is committed by unethical employees
C. The action is beneficial for employees
D. The action results in a negative public image

20. A company's board of directors is often responsible for __________ and __________ the top executives.
A. encouraging; shadowing
B. supporting; assessing
C. replacing; auditing
D. promoting; networking

21. In the 1970s, OPEC increased the price of oil as a form of political protest against the United States. This pushed up the costs of many goods and services in the United States. This is an example of
A. cost-push inflation
B. demand-pull deflation
C. cost-push deflation
D. demand-pull inflation

22. The biggest traders of currency on the foreign exchange market are
A. individual traders
B. commercial and investment banks
C. investment funds
D. businesses and corporations

23. Jackson is sure that no one will notice if he steals merchandise from his employer. Jackson is facing an ethical dilemma because of
A. a bad role model
B. a lack of consequences
C. pressure from others
D. a desire to prove himself

24. Which of the following strategies can help you develop cultural sensitivity in the workplace:
A. Reading about different cultures
B. Pretending cultural differences do not exist
C. Asking everyone to dress the same
D. Joking about every culture equally

25. Which of the following is an advantage of transparent communication in the workplace:
A. Increased information security
B. Increased worker productivity
C. Increased employee turnover
D. Increased manager turnover

26. Which of the following is an effective approach to negotiation:
A. Be willing to adjust your strategy based on the other side's approach
B. Do not have a specific goal or target in mind
C. Display strong emotional reactions
D. Try to trick the other side with carefully chosen language

27. Which of the following statements best describes office politics:
A. Engaging in office politics will advance your career
B. Office politics are negative and should be avoided
C. Engaging in office politics can be beneficial
D. Office politics are damaging to work relationships

28. How are vote taking and consensus building different?
A. In consensus building, every group member must agree on a decision
B. In vote taking, every group member must agree on a decision
C. In vote taking, a minority of group members make a decision
D. In consensus building, a minority of group members make a decision

29. Why do active listeners paraphrase what a speaker or presenter has said?
A. To help the listeners recognize the speaker's nonverbal cues
B. To help the speaker learn how to speak more clearly
C. To show that they agree with the speaker's message
D. To confirm the speaker's message and show understanding

30. Which of the following is most likely to limit your ability to assess the long-term impact of a decision:
A. Negative outcomes
B. Personal experience
C. Positive outcomes
D. Personal bias

31. What do open-end investment funds and closed-end investment funds have in common?
A. They can issue an unlimited number of shares over time
B. They are run by professional portfolio managers
C. Their pricing is determined by supply and demand
D. They are also known as mutual funds

32. Sam participates in the London Stock Exchange, where investors trade stock amongst themselves without involvement from the issuing companies. Which of the following best describes this type of market:
A. Virtual market
B. Primary market
C. Secondary market
D. Tertiary market

33. Which of the following is true about the debt market:
A. It is known for being unstable by nature
B. It is commonly called the stock market
C. Its participants may benefit from dividends
D. Its investments typically involve less risk

34. One risk of business consolidation is
A. growth of market share
B. elimination of redundancy
C. diversification of products
D. clashes in corporate culture

35. Clara works for a bank that has just developed an arrangement with an insurance company, allowing it to sell its products to the bank's clients. This is known as a __________ arrangement.
A. bait-and-switch
B. BATNA
C. brick-and-click
D. bancassurance

36. A country's unemployment rate impacts the economy because when people are unemployed, they lose their
A. absolute advantage
B. individual identity
C. purchasing power
D. corporate connection

37. James demonstrates home bias in his investments, which means he
A. is limited by the markets of foreign countries
B. maintains a diversified investment portfolio
C. takes advantage of increased financial globalization
D. could be heavily affected by a domestic market event

38. Ann-Marie is preparing an annual report. While many people might look at the report, Ann-Marie needs to remember that this report's main audience is
A. the CEO
B. customers
C. possible employees
D. shareholders

39. If a company wants to list its securities on the New York Stock Exchange, it must select a __________ ticker symbol.
A. 4-letter
B. double digit
C. unique
D. color

40. Corinne has recently decided to put her money into a lending investment. Which of the following might she choose:
A. Collectibles
B. Stocks
C. Bonds
D. Real estate

41. How can accountants demonstrate due care?
A. Request competitive compensation
B. Serve local communities for free
C. Refrain from making any mistakes
D. Engage in professional development

42. Which of the following is a source of cash that flows into a business:
A. Loans
B. Payroll
C. Taxes
D. Rent

43. Jane examined the equity statement for a company in which she invested to see her
A. par value
B. retained earnings
C. treasury stock
D. dividends

44. The Kodiak Company does not pay dividends to its shareholders. In which of the following equity statement components would this money appear instead:
A. Treasury stock
B. Outstanding shares
C. Retained earnings
D. Cash flow

45. In general, what is the relationship between finance managers and accountants?
A. Finance managers determine what monetary records accountants keep
B. Accountants approve the decisions that finance managers make about money
C. Accountants record the information that finance managers need to make decisions
D. Finance managers rely on accountants to decide on the acquisition of funds

46. One key difference between out-of-pocket costs and sunk costs is
A. value
B. timing
C. accessibility
D. ownership

47. A manager must decide whether to make products in-house or outsource manufacturing. In this scenario, the company's committed costs are likely to be
A. relevant costs
B. irrelevant costs
C. cash inflows
D. cash receipts

48. A company needs a new customer relationship management system, and it is choosing between two software companies. One has a more expensive monthly fee but no startup costs. The other has a lower monthly cost but includes a startup fee. Which of the following techniques would help the company determine which option is more cost-effective:
A. Marginal analysis
B. Return on investment
C. Vertical analysis
D. Sales forecasting

49. What is one way in which customer relationship management (CRM) data cleansing is useful to businesses?
A. Data cleansing helps businesses create duplicate data
B. CRM software has a limited data capacity
C. Data cleansing helps businesses archive old data
D. CRM software lengthens sales cycles

50. Managerial accountants provide assistance to management by
A. calculating probability of risky events
B. preparing financial statements for public review
C. gathering information on social media trends
D. accumulating data on costs and profits

51. Variance analysis documents the difference between actual and planned behavior and
A. investigates why that discrepancy occurred
B. arranges this information for public review
C. changes operations to address any issues
D. suspends activity until numbers are aligned

52. Material, labor, and overhead are all components that might be the focus of
A. performance evaluation
B. marketing management
C. variance analysis
D. sales reporting

53. Cost accounting budgets allow __________ to __________.
A. management; anticipate future advertising costs
B. management; consider a business's total cost of production
C. stakeholders; anticipate future advertising costs
D. stakeholders; consider a business's total cost of production

54. The main difference between managerial accounting and financial accounting is the __________ of the information.
A. arrangement
B. scope
C. audience
D. quality

55. In a company of 100 people, Tess's department has 10 employees. This department is responsible for 10% of the cost of insurance. This is an example of
A. cost estimate
B. cost allocation
C. cost per contact
D. cost-effective pricing

56. A successful budget should be
A. rigid
B. well planned
C. secret
D. aggressive

57. When calculating the future value of money, you will need to know the
A. par value and interest rate
B. present value and interest rate
C. present value and exchange rate
D. par value and exchange rate

58. Ajay just won a school prize drawing and is awarded $100. To maximize the value of his money, when should he accept the $100?
A. Now
B. In six months
C. In one year
D. In five years

59. Without accurate financial records, it is difficult to demonstrate __________ to __________.
A. incentives; tax collectors
B. product benefits; customers
C. product specifications; vendors
D. profitability; investors

60. Which of the following is a common challenge for financial-information management:
A. Financial managers typically use Microsoft Office applications for financial recordkeeping
B. Many financial data are stored in custom, task-specific software and are not easily accessible
C. Financial-information management's focus is on protection of customer financial data
D. Managerial accountants prepare financial information for use by external stakeholders

61. Which of the following is a potential consequence of a company being accused of unethical accounting practices:
A. Increased employee loyalty
B. Stock price instability
C. Increased public faith
D. Shareholder incentives

62. What is a way in which technology has improved the management of financial information?
A. Data are transferred instantly from information management to point-of-sale systems
B. The security of financial information is no longer a concern
C. Calculations can be completed more quickly and efficiently
D. The amount of time required to compare financial records thoroughly has increased

63. What are the basic components of a business budget?
A. Fixed costs, variable costs, and semi-variable costs
B. Total revenues, total costs, and profit
C. Inventory, variable costs, and profits
D. Fixed assets, inventory, and investments

64. Which type of financial analysis is best for comparing a single company's historical financial information to determine trends?
A. Vertical analysis
B. Horizontal analysis
C. Leverage analysis
D. Liquidity analysis

65. Which of the following is a reason to calculate a company's debt-to-equity (D/E) ratio:
A. To compare multiple companies in different industries
B. To assess the level of risk involved in investing in the company
C. To compare the current year's performance to a previous year's
D. To assess the ability of a company to hire more employees

66. In the lean approach to accounting, inventory is treated as a(n)
A. asset
B. liability
C. revenue
D. equity

67. Obtaining a credit score, contacting references, and calculating financial ratios are all ways to
A. determine whether a customer is worthy of purchasing on trade credit
B. determine whether an investor is capable of financing a startup
C. help a financial manager decide whether to open a new location
D. help a financial manager decide whether to take a company public

68. Liquidity ratios are most often used to determine whether a company
A. has controlled its expenses and is in a position to generate a profit
B. has the resources to pay its short-term debts
C. is likely to be successful in the long term
D. is going to be a good investment

69. A company uses its social media sites to improve its response time to customer complaints. Doing so helps the company directly
A. achieve stability
B. develop new goods and services
C. improve customer satisfaction
D. improve profitability

70. Mira is reviewing a financial statement for a local business. During her analysis of data, she uses Benford's Law. What can this help her do?
A. Estimate business viability
B. Find opportunities for profit
C. Identify personnel issues
D. Detect the possibility of fraud

71. Which of the following statements about data analytics is true:
A. Descriptive analytics provide forecasts of the future
B. Descriptive analytics recommend specific courses of action
C. Prescriptive analytics recommend specific courses of action
D. Predictive analytics provide descriptions of the past

72. Which of the following methods of data mining, often used in market segmentation, involves placing observable data into naturally occurring groups:
A. Forecasting
B. Prediction
C. Market basket analysis
D. Cluster analysis

73. Which of the following types of business records includes information on deductions, withholdings, and employee pay:
A. Tax records
B. Asset records
C. Customer records
D. Legal records

74. Regulations are a factor relating to which of the following categories of an environmental scan:
A. Demographics
B. Competition
C. Technology
D. Government

75. Which operations activity involves ensuring that a business has a large enough supply that it does not run out of products and also a small enough supply that holding costs are not too high?
A. Quality control
B. Inventory control
C. Scheduling
D. Logistics

76. If Saeed is concerned that a data breach altered the completeness of his information, he is concerned about the __________ of the data.
A. availability
B. confidentiality
C. integrity
D. privacy

77. A company in which each department performs completely separate functions and has its own budget and staff has an organizational structure based on __________ interdependence.
A. reciprocal
B. pooled
C. sequential
D. vertical

78. What is a potential benefit of a business using a centralized organizational structure:
A. Lower managerial workload
B. Reduced product consistency
C. Simplified decision making
D. Greater employee empowerment

79. A business establishes new, environmentally friendly production processes, which is an example of __________ innovation.
A. marketing
B. process
C. radical
D. product

80. A manager who communicates the company's vision and encourages employees to work toward the vision demonstrates __________ leadership.
A. transactional
B. transformational
C. bureaucratic
D. situational

81. A key reason why businesses outsource some functions is to
A. increase fixed costs
B. improve efficiency
C. decrease revenue
D. reduce flexibility

82. Which of the following best describes a business that uses a just-in-time inventory system:
A. A company that maintains large stockpiles of products
B. A company that produces products as orders are received
C. A company that orders inventory on an annual basis
D. A company that does not track its inventory

83. Which of the following is an example of a business using automation to improve operations:
A. A business hires more employees to fill seasonal orders
B. A business installs a machine to perform repetitive tasks
C. A business trains employees to manually track production metrics
D. A business increases the number of supply orders

84. Which of the following best explains why businesses conduct risk assessments:
A. To identify potential hazards that could affect operations
B. To reduce costs associated with employee training
C. To forecast future market trends
D. To implement cost leadership strategies

85. What is one way in which employee scheduling software can improve operational efficiency:
A. It allows managers to track employee attendance manually
B. It automates the scheduling process based on employee availability
C. It requires employees to schedule their own time off without oversight
D. It generates random work schedules

86. A company tracks the time it takes for an order to be processed from receipt to delivery. This is an example of monitoring
A. operational efficiency
B. employee satisfaction
C. market demand
D. product innovation

87. A business uses predictive analytics to forecast sales based on past trends. This helps the business
A. reduce competition
B. optimize staffing and inventory
C. increase regulatory compliance
D. diversify its product offerings

88. Which of the following is an example of a company using technology to improve customer service:
A. Installing a self-service kiosk for orders
B. Reducing staff training
C. Eliminating online customer support
D. Increasing product prices

89. A company ensures that all products meet quality standards before they leave the production line. This is an example of
A. quality assurance
B. product differentiation
C. customer segmentation
D. market research

90. A manager compares production costs from different suppliers before making a purchase. This is an example of
A. strategic planning
B. benchmarking
C. resource allocation
D. risk management

91. Which of the following best describes a scenario where a company leverages its core competencies to enter a new market:
A. Diversification
B. Horizontal integration
C. Market penetration
D. Strategic alliance

92. A business that evaluates customer feedback to make improvements in its service is engaging in
A. market research
B. quality control
C. product development
D. strategic planning

93. Which of the following is an example of a company using process innovation:
A. Introducing a new flavor of snack
B. Implementing a new software system that speeds up order processing
C. Rebranding its logo
D. Opening a new retail location

94. A company introduces a new product that has never been seen in the market before. This is an example of __________ innovation.
A. incremental
B. process
C. radical
D. product

95. Which of the following best describes a business strategy that focuses on offering the lowest possible prices:
A. Differentiation
B. Cost leadership
C. Focus
D. Diversification

96. A manager delegates tasks to employees and monitors performance to ensure that standards are met. This demonstrates __________ leadership.
A. transactional
B. transformational
C. laissez-faire
D. participative

97. Which of the following best describes a company using a pull-based inventory system:
A. The company produces products in anticipation of demand
B. The company produces products only when there is actual customer demand
C. The company stocks a large surplus of inventory
D. The company outsources all production

98. A company uses sensors to track machine performance and predict maintenance needs. This is an example of
A. reactive maintenance
B. preventive maintenance
C. predictive maintenance
D. routine maintenance

99. Which of the following is a potential benefit of a company using cloud-based operations management software:
A. Increased physical storage requirements
B. Improved data accessibility and collaboration
C. Reduced operational flexibility
D. Increased hardware costs

100. A company evaluates the time it takes to complete each step in the production process and identifies bottlenecks. This is an example of
A. workflow analysis
B. market segmentation
C. financial auditing
D. competitive benchmarking

/////
1. B
Trade secret. A trade secret is undisclosed information within a particular business or industry that
typically gives the business a competitive advantage. Sheree's famous chicken noodle soup, for
instance, is likely a reason for her restaurant's popularity. If Sheree's competitors were to gain access to
her recipe and begin serving her chicken noodle soup at their restaurants, Sheree's business would likely
suffer. Copyright is the legal protection of books and other artistic works granted by government and
giving their creators sole rights to them for a certain period of years. A trademark is a symbol, design, or
word used by a producer to identify a good or service and registered with the government to prevent use
by others. A patent is legal protection of an invention or process.
SOURCE: BL:051
SOURCE: Entrepreneur.com. (n.d.) Intellectual property. Retrieved January 13, 2020, from
https://www.entrepreneur.com/encyclopedia/intellectual-property
2. A
To ensure that the company is following financial laws. Compliance officers in the financial services
industry are typically responsible for ensuring that their company is following financial laws and external
regulations. A compliance officer may play a role in enforcing a business's code of conduct, educating
employees on industry ethics, and/or ensuring that employees follow company policies and procedures,
but these responsibilities are secondary. The primary role is ensuring that the business complies with
financial laws and regulations.
SOURCE: BL:148
SOURCE: International Compliance Association. (n.d.). What is compliance? Retrieved January 15,
2020, from https://www.int-comp.org/careers/your-career-in-compliance/what-is-compliance/
3. B
Detective. Businesses use a variety of internal accounting controls to ensure the reliability of accounting
systems and compliance with financial laws and regulations. Detective controls such as annual audits are
meant to help identify existing financial problems. Preventive controls are designed to prevent errors or
fraud from happening. Corrective controls are intended to correct errors after they are identified.
Reconciliation is a comparison of a business's internal accounting records to external records of some
kind.
SOURCE: BL:148
SOURCE: Furlong, M. (2019, January 25). What are the types of internal controls? Retrieved February
3, 2020, from https://bizfluent.com/info-8046701-types-internal-controls.html
4. C
Reduces human error. Compliance officers can benefit from artificial intelligence (AI) in a number of
ways. AI technology helps increase the efficiency and effectiveness of the compliance function, lowers
the chance for human error, and decreases false positives in the system. While adopting artificial
intelligence can be costly at first, companies can save money long-term as AI reduces the human capital
required to carry out compliances processes and procedures.
SOURCE: BL:149
SOURCE: Rottner, S. (2019, January 15). Three ways artificial intelligence improves compliance.
Retrieved February 3, 2020, from https://a-teaminsight.com/three-ways-artificial-intelligenceimproves-compliance/?brand=rti
5. B
Lien. A lien is a legal claim to an item of property that protects the seller if the buyer does not complete
his/her payments. Liens are designed to protect creditors from financial loss. A license is a permit that
allows a business to operate. A label is printed information affixed to a consumer good. A ledger is the
accounting record for a specific department or area of a business.
SOURCE: BL:071
SOURCE: Upcounsel. (n.d.). Debtor and creditor in contract law. Retrieved January 13, 2020, from
https://www.upcounsel.com/debtor-and-creditor-in-contract-law



6. C
Fiduciary. A fiduciary is someone who acts on behalf of another person or organization. In most cases,
fiduciaries are responsible for managing their clients' financial assets and making decisions in the best
interest of their clients. Because Charlotte does more than simply sell investments to her clients, she is
considered a fiduciary. An accountant gathers, records, organizes, and reports financial data. A credit
analyst assesses the requests of individuals and businesses applying for loans, makes reports to the
loan committee, and helps decide if the requests should be granted. Institutional investors are mutual
fund managers, large investment firms, and significant holding companies who invest in the stock market.
SOURCE: BL:133
SOURCE: Kagan, J. (2019, June 25). Fiduciary. Retrieved February 4, 2020, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/f/fiduciary.asp
7. D
Insider trading. Insider trading occurs when a company's owners, directors, or key management trade its
stock. Insider trading is illegal when those individuals make trades based on information that has not
been disclosed to the public. Corporate fraud involves deception purposely carried out so that a company
can secure an unfair or unlawful gain. Corporate espionage involves spying on a competitor and/or theft
of a competitor's proprietary information. Extortion involves using force to obtain another person's or
company's property or money.
SOURCE: BL:133
SOURCE: Ganti, A. (2019, March 29). Insider trading. Retrieved January 15, 2020, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/i/insidertrading.asp
8. B
Long-term capital gains. Capital gains are earnings from the appreciation of an investment. When an
investor sells his/her investment for more money than what s/he spent on it originally, the investor is likely
to owe capital gains tax. Investors pay long-term capital gains tax if they owned the asset for more than a
year. If investors owned the asset for a year or less, they are likely to owe short-term capital gains tax.
Income tax is a tax levied on an individual's or business's earnings. Excise taxes are indirect taxes
charged on specific goods such as gasoline and alcohol.
SOURCE: BL:134
SOURCE: Kagan, J. (2019, June 25). Capital gains tax. Retrieved January 15, 2020, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/capital_gains_tax.asp
9. A
Less confusion among employees. Businesses use established policies and procedures to set clear
expectations for employee conduct. Employees who have a clear understanding of how and when to take
breaks or request time off, for instance, are likely to be more productive. Although some policies and
procedures give power to managers, established policies for taking breaks and requesting time off don't
necessarily do so. An open door policy is a business practice whereby management encourages
communication between employees and their superiors; however, open door policies are typically
unrelated to policies for taking breaks and requesting time off. An incentive is something that motivates or
encourages someone to behave a certain way. Government incentives are unrelated to policies for taking
breaks and requesting time off.
SOURCE: CO:057
SOURCE: Moore, M. (n.d.). Why have personnel policies & procedures. Retrieved January 13, 2020,
from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/personnel-policies-procedures-1234.html
10. A
Offer your email address if the caller needs additional information. By providing your email address, you
create another line of communication for the caller in case s/he needs additional information. Providing
your email address is also a good way to indicate that you would like to end the call without being abrupt.
While summarizing the key points made in the call can be helpful, it is unnecessary to list every point
made. You are more likely to make small talk about a caller's day at the beginning of a call versus at the
end. Waiting for the caller to speak can cause confusion, especially if you are leading the call.
SOURCE: CO:114
SOURCE: Bucki, J. (2019, November 20). How to end a business phone call. Retrieved January 13,
2020, from https://www.thebalancesmb.com/end-phone-calls-professionally-2533712



FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

13

11. D
A specific sentence that highlights the main idea of the report. The introduction to a written report should
include a specific sentence detailing the main idea or purpose of the report. Arguments for and against
the main idea should be included in the body of the report. Sources should also be cited in the body of
the report as information from the different sources is introduced. The research method and findings
should be included throughout the report, rather than right at the beginning.
SOURCE: CO:094
SOURCE: Reed, J. (2019, November 13). Top report writing tips: How to make a great report. Retrieved
January 13, 2020, from https://custom-writing.org/blog/report-writing-top-tips
12. B
Rich. A rich channel of communication involves multiple senses such as sight and hearing. A video
conference call is an example of a rich communication channel because it includes seeing other
participants' faces and hearing what others are saying. A lean channel of communication generally only
uses sight. Slight and detailed channels of communication are not generally recognized terms.
SOURCE: CO:092
SOURCE: Encyclopedia.com. (2019, December 11). Communication channels. Retrieved January 13,
2020, from https://www.encyclopedia.com/finance/finance-and-accountingmagazines/communication-channels
13. C
A touchpoint. A touchpoint is any interaction between a business and a customer or potential customer.
The sum of the touchpoints that a customer experiences becomes the company's communication of its
brand promise to that customer. Advertisements, publicity (unsponsored mentions of the brand or
business in the news), and word-of-mouth marketing (what other customers are saying) are all examples
of touchpoints that occur before a customer does business with a company. A brand promise is the
specific benefit that customers can expect from using the good/service and interacting with the company.
SOURCE: CR:001
SOURCE: LAP-CR-006—Share the Promise (Identifying Brand Promise)
14. B
Customer experience management. Customer experience management (CEM) includes the strategies,
processes, and policies a business uses to meet or exceed customer expectations and to provide
customers with outstanding experiences at every touchpoint. CEM looks outward, focuses on customer
needs and wants, and uses touchpoints to allow the customer to learn something valuable about the
company. Customer relationship management (CRM) includes the strategies, processes, technology,
and people that a business uses to build, maintain, and maximize the long-term value of customer
relationships. CRM tends to look inward, focuses on the business itself, and uses touchpoints to learn
something valuable about the customer. Structured customer management and inverse customer
management are not types of customer management. Structured relationships are characterized by
rules, well-defined positions, and clear lines of authority. Inverse relationships exist when one value in a
pair increases when the other decreases.
SOURCE: CR:016
SOURCE: LAP-CR-016—Know When To Hold 'Em (Nature of Customer Relationship Management)
15. D
To help clients make wise investments and prepare for the future. Generally, financial planners help their
clients make smart financial choices. More specifically, they assist clients in making wise investments
and help clients prepare for the future financially. They also need to make money for their firms, but the
client should come first. Financial planners assist clients in buying and selling stocks, but they don't
purposefully trade with other planners in the stock market. Financial planners have different
responsibilities than compliance agents who are responsible for ensuring that businesses are compliant
with government regulations.
SOURCE: CR:012
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2019, December 19). Should you use a financial advisor? Retrieved January
17, 2020, from https://www.investopedia.com/articles/basics/07/financial-advice.asp



FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

14

16. D
To establish stronger connections with customers. Customer relationship management (CRM)
incorporates the strategies, processes, technology, and people a business uses to build, maintain, and
maximize the long-term value of customer relationships. CRM technology provides businesses with
information about their customers and helps those businesses establish better relationships with top
customers. Although businesses can use CRM technology to make phone calls to customers, archive
past sales, and compile mass email lists, those are not the primary purpose of CRM technology.
SOURCE: CR:024
SOURCE: Ferrell, O.C., & Pride, W. (2020) Marketing 2020. (20th ed). [pp. 1-6]. Boston, MA: Cengage
Learning Inc.
17. A
Maximizing profit. Marginal analysis is an assessment of the potential benefits of a business activity
compared to the costs incurred from that same activity. Businesses use marginal analysis to make
decisions and maximize profit. Marginal analysis is not directly related to increasing productivity,
eliminating mistakes, or maintaining an organization's reputation.
SOURCE: FI:659
SOURCE: Hayes, A. (2019, June 25). Marginal analysis. Retrieved January 13, 2020, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/m/marginal-analysis.asp
18. D
The Internet has changed utility. The Internet impacts utility in many ways. One of these is by making it
easier for products to have place utility. Online ordering means that customers can get the products they
want regardless of their physical distance from the business, as is the case with Valerie and her sweets.
This example does not demonstrate that place utility is not important; rather, the use of the Internet has
enhanced place utility. This example is not related to form utility. Finally, this example does not
demonstrate that utility is constant and unchanging.
SOURCE: EC:004
SOURCE: LAP-EC-013—Use It (Economic Utility)
19. A
The action is acceptable in a foreign culture. What many Americans would consider unethical may be
perfectly acceptable in another culture. A major example of this deals with working conditions and wages.
In many developing countries, manufacturing standards and pay expectations are much lower than they
are in more developed parts of the world. Because of this, some American companies move their
operations overseas in an effort to cut costs. These companies are able to pay foreign workers a fraction
of the wages they were paying American workers for doing the same work. The company may assume
that since its actions are acceptable in the other culture, they are ethical. However, many others may
disagree. The company would not say that the action is committed by unethical employees, since that
would involve admitting wrongdoing. The action is likely not beneficial for employees. The action could
result in a negative public image, but this is not a reason the company can use to defend itself.
SOURCE: EC:106
SOURCE: LAP-EC-106—On the Up and Up (Business Ethics)
20. B
Supporting; assessing. The board of directors is responsible for helping an organization reach its goals
while meeting stakeholder needs. This often includes hiring, supporting, and assessing the performance
of the organization's top executives. The board of directors does not usually shadow or audit the top
executives. While it's possible for members of a board of directors to encourage, promote, and make
networking connections for top executives, those are not necessarily responsibilities of the board.
SOURCE: PD:303
SOURCE: Chen, J. (2019, September 27). Board of directors (B of D). Retrieved January 15, 2020,
from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/b/boardofdirectors.asp



FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

15

21. A
Cost-push inflation. Inflation can occur when certain commodities become more limited and more
expensive, driving up the prices of all related goods and services. This is called cost-push inflation. When
OPEC increased the price of oil in the 1970s, the result was an increase in the cost of several other
goods and services. This was an example of cost-push inflation. Demand-pull inflation is a different type
of inflation in which demand is greater than supply, "pulling" inflation higher. Deflation is a steady decline
in the general price levels of goods and services over time. There is no such thing as demand-pull
deflation or cost-push deflation.
SOURCE: EC:083
SOURCE: LAP-EC-083—Up, Up, and Away (Inflation)
22. B
Commercial and investment banks. Banks are the biggest traders of currency on the foreign exchange
market, making up about half of its trading volume. They often trade with each other exclusively on their
own interbank market, a series of electronic networks used only by commercial banking institutions.
Banks may use the forex to make transactions for clients or to engage in speculative trading for their own
profit. Investment funds are the second biggest traders of currency on the foreign exchange market.
Investment funds use the forex to exchange currency when buying or selling foreign securities and to
engage in speculative trading on behalf of their clients. Businesses and corporations also participate in
the forex. Companies that buy foreign goods and/or sell their goods in foreign markets participate in the
forex as a means to complete these business transactions. Individual traders represent the lowest
volume of trading on the foreign exchange market, but the practice of speculative trading for personal
profit is quickly gaining popularity.
SOURCE: EC:100
SOURCE: LAP-EC-100—Get Your Money's Worth (Exchange Rate)
23. B
A lack of consequences. The threat of punishment is one reason why most people behave properly. If
Jackson knows that he will not be caught, he may be tempted to steal merchandise from his employer.
Jackson is not dealing with a bad role model, pressure from others, or a desire to prove himself.
SOURCE: EI:124
SOURCE: LAP-EI-124—What's the Situation? (Reasons for Ethical Dilemmas)
24. A
Reading about different cultures. One of the best strategies for acquiring cultural sensitivity is to educate
yourself about other cultures. This can be achieved by politely asking a person about their culture,
educating yourself through reading or attending cultural events, or attending diversity training workshops.
Ignoring cultural differences or pretending they do not exist can have the opposite effect from displaying
cultural sensitivity. Rather than asking everyone in the workplace to dress the same, a culturally sensitive
workplace would allow each employee to wear his/her culture's garb if s/he desires to do so. Joking
about a person's culture does not lead to cultural sensitivity; even if you only joke about your own culture,
you may not realize how those jokes can affect others.
SOURCE: EI:033
SOURCE: LAP-EI-033—Getting To Know You (Cultural Sensitivity)
25. B
Increased worker productivity. When people are able to communicate more openly with each other, they
will be more productive. Businesses that encourage transparency allow employees to ask questions
when they are confused or struggling, which can lead to less wasted time. Transparency also leads to
fewer misunderstandings, which can create a more productive work environment. Honesty and
transparency should not affect an organization's information security. Being transparent does not mean
sharing private or restricted information. Both employee and manager turnover are more likely to be
decreased in a transparent work environment than increased. This is because transparency leads to trust
among coworkers and between employees and managers. If a person trusts the people s/he works with
and for, s/he is less likely to want to change jobs, which results in less turnover, not more.
SOURCE: EI:129
SOURCE: LAP-EI-129—Can We Talk? (Fostering Open, Honest Communication)



FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

16

26. A
Be willing to adjust your strategy based on the other side's approach. Because people and situations
differ, you need to be aware of the other side's negotiating tactics and respond appropriately. You might
need to change your strategy during the negotiation process. As long as you have established clear
objectives ahead of time, you can adjust your strategy and still negotiate effectively. If you do not have a
specific goal or target in mind, it will likely be very difficult to know if you have accomplished what you
wanted out of a negotiation. It is always important to keep your emotions out of a negotiation. An outburst
could easily derail the conversation and hurt your credibility. Any attempts to “trick” the other side could
also affect your credibility, which is one of the most important factors in a negotiation. If the other side
does not consider you to be credible or trustworthy, it can be very difficult to have a successful
negotiation.
SOURCE: EI:062
SOURCE: LAP-EI-062—Make It a Win-Win (Negotiation in Business)
27. C
Engaging in office politics can be beneficial. Office politics are activities performed by people in a
workplace with the intention of furthering their personal or professional goals. These activities exist in
almost every workplace environment. While office politics can sometimes be detrimental to the workplace
or work relationships, participating in them could also be beneficial. Positive examples of office politics
include networking or improving relationships with coworkers or supervisors. Because they exist in
almost every workplace, ignoring office politics or trying to avoid or "steer clear" of them might be
damaging to career prospects or workplace productivity. Being able to detect office politics might also
protect you from being taken advantage of. On the other hand, being seen as too self-serving in the office
might hurt your career prospects as well. Finding the right balance of office politics participation can be
beneficial to your career, your workplace relationships, and your productivity.
SOURCE: EI:109
SOURCE: Corporate Financial Institute. (2015-2019). Office politics: Self-serving activities for personal
advancement. Retrieved December 31, 2019, from
https://corporatefinanceinstitute.com/resources/careers/soft-skills/office-politics/
28. A
In consensus building, every group member must agree on a decision. In both vote taking and consensus
building, each group member has the power to say “no” to a possible decision. However, in vote taking,
the decision is made by the majority of the group members' votes—even if an individual group member
votes against that decision. In consensus building, each group member must agree before a decision is
made. In consensus building, although each individual group member has the power to decide that an
option should not be selected, no amount of group members gets to make a decision unless the entire
group agrees.
SOURCE: EI:011
SOURCE: LAP-EI-019—It's a Group Thing (Consensus Building)
29. D
To confirm the speaker's message and show understanding. By paraphrasing, or restating, what a
speaker has said, people who are actively listening can confirm the speaker's message and demonstrate
that they understand the speaker. Teaching the speaker to speak more clearly is not a goal of
paraphrasing. Paraphrasing what a speaker has said does not necessarily show that listeners agree with
the speaker's message. Active listeners pay attention to nonverbal cues, but that is not why they
paraphrase the speaker's message.
SOURCE: EI:041
SOURCE: LAP-EI-041—Bring Out the Best (Coaching Others)



FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

17

30. D
Personal bias. A bias is a prejudice you have either for or against something. Bias isn't always a bad
thing, but it can sometimes limit your ability to consider the full impact of your decisions. Because
everyone has biases, it is important to acknowledge the ones you have and try to not let those biases
impact your decision-making as best as you can. Personal experience can actually help you assess longterm impacts of a decision. If you have been in a situation before, you will know more about what might
happen than if you have never been in that situation. Even though personal experience is helpful, it
should not be the only thing you consider when assessing long-term impacts. Both positive and negative
outcomes should be considered when evaluating the possible long-term impact of a decision.
SOURCE: EI:137
SOURCE: LAP-EI-137—Choose for the Future (Assessing the Long-Term Value and Impact of Actions
on Others)
31. B
They are run by professional portfolio managers. Both closed-end funds and open-end funds must be
professionally managed by an advisor with registration from the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC). Only an open-end fund can issue an unlimited number of shares; closed-end funds
issue a fixed number of shares. Closed-end funds are unique because their pricing is determined by
supply and demand. Only open-end funds are also known as mutual funds.
SOURCE: FI:336
SOURCE: Chen, J. (2019. July 7). What is an investment company? Retrieved January 8, 2020, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/i/investmentcompany.asp
32. C
Secondary market. The secondary market is where investors are able to trade securities after companies
have sold their offerings on the primary market. The secondary market is often called the “stock market”
and includes the London Stock Exchange, New York Stock Exchange, and Nasdaq. Primary markets are
where companies sell securities to the public for the first time. A virtual market is where products are
purchased and sold electronically, with no physical interaction between buyer and seller. Tertiary market
can refer to a smaller market.
SOURCE: FI:337
SOURCE: Beers, B. (2019, June 25). A look at primary and secondary markets. Retrieved January 8,
2020, from https://www.investopedia.com/investing/primary-and-secondary-markets/
33. D
Its investments typically involve less risk. The debt market is where participants can buy or sell loans.
Compared with the equity market, the debt market is known for having lower risk and lower reward. The
equity market is known for having higher risk and reward and being unstable as a result of vulnerability to
political, social, and economic events. It is also referred to as the stock market. Dividends are payments
made by companies to their shareholders, so they are potential benefits of the equity market, not the debt
market.
SOURCE: FI:337
SOURCE: Maverick, J.B. (2019, June 25). Debt market vs. equity market: What's the difference?
Retrieved January 8, 2020, from https://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/071415/whatare-differences-between-debt-and-equity-markets.asp
34. D
Clashes in corporate culture. When two businesses merge, it is crucial to think about the differences in
company culture. Employees are often the essence of a company. If two diverse companies with different
philosophies, processes, and experiences merge without proper consideration of and response to these
differences, then the consolidation might fail. Eliminating redundancy, diversifying goods and services,
and growing market share are all potential benefits of business consolidation, not risks.
SOURCE: FI:573
SOURCE: Taylor, J. (n.d.) Why do businesses consolidate? Retrieved January 9, 2020, from
https://smallbusiness.chron.com/businesses-consolidate-5114.html



FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

18

35. D
Bancassurance. A bancassurance arrangement is mutually beneficial for banks and insurance
companies. Insurance companies are able to sell insurance to the bank's clients, and banks are able to
profit from the additional revenue, plus increased customer satisfaction. BATNA stands for Best
Alternative to a Negotiated Agreement. Brick-and-click refers to a business with both a brick-and-mortar
(physical) store and an online store. Bait-and-switch refers to a form of advertising in which businesses
promote a low-priced item to attract customers before trying to sell a higher priced item.
SOURCE: FI:573
SOURCE: Banton, C. (2020, January 7). Bancassurance. Retrieved January 9, 2020, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/b/bancassurance.asp
36. C
Purchasing power. When people are unemployed, they don't just lose their income. They also lose the
opportunity to purchase and contribute to a country's economy through their purchasing power. While
those who are unemployed might lose a sense of individual identity and their connection to corporations,
these losses do not impact the economy. Absolute advantage is the advantage achieved when a nation
can produce a good or service at a lower cost than another nation.
SOURCE: FI:574
SOURCE: Picardo, E. (2019, June 25). How the unemployment rate affects everybody. Retrieved
January 9, 2020, from https://www.investopedia.com/articles/economics/10/unemploymentrate-get-real.asp
37. D
Could be heavily affected by a domestic market event. Home bias means a preference for investing a
majority of a portfolio in domestic equities. This concentration of investments can be risky because a
single event in the domestic market can affect a majority of an investment portfolio. A diverse investment
portfolio would take advantage of increased financial globalization and be spread across different
countries. He is not limited by the markets of foreign countries because he does not invest in foreign
markets.
SOURCE: FI:575
SOURCE: Chen, J. (2019, June 7). Home bias. Retrieved January 9, 2020, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/h/homebias.asp
38. D
Shareholders. The annual report is a document that reviews a company's activities each year. It contains
financial information that must be shared with stakeholders, who have invested in the company, and
includes other items like a letter from the chief executive officer, new product plans, and plans for future
programming. It is possible that customers, employees, and potential employees see this document
because reporting companies must post their annual reports, but they are not the target audience of this
document.
SOURCE: FI:274
SOURCE: U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. (2014, October 15). Annual report. Retrieved
January 9, 2020, from https://www.sec.gov/fast-answers/answers-annrephtm.html
39. C
Unique. A ticker symbol is a unique series of characters, often letters, that represents a security.
Because each symbol is assigned to a different security, there cannot be any repetition. The New York
Stock Exchange uses alphabetical symbols with up to three letters. The ticker symbol is not an actual
graphic and therefore would not be in color.
SOURCE: FI:275
SOURCE: Barone, A. (2019, June 25). Ticker symbol. Retrieved January 9, 2020, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/t/tickersymbol.asp



FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

19

40. C
Bonds. A bond is a low-risk lending investment offered by a government, municipality, or corporation at a
set interest rate for a particular period of time. With a bond, you don't pay a penalty if you withdraw the
invested amount before the end of the time frame. Other types of lending investments include savings
accounts, money market accounts, and certificates of deposit. Stocks, collectibles, and real estate are all
types of ownership investments, which provide opportunities for a return by letting you own something of
significance.
SOURCE: FI:077
SOURCE: LAP-FI-077—Invest for Success (Types of Investments)
41. D
Engage in professional development. The principle of due care means performing the role of accountant
as well as possible. Because of the nature of the profession, accountants need to be competent in all
aspects of the job. They must strive for continuous improvement and excellence. Demonstrating due care
doesn't mean that accounts have to be perfect—everyone makes mistakes. However, it does mean that
accountants must try to do the best job they can. Accountants can pursue the principle of due care by
engaging in professional development and dedicating themselves to deepening their accounting
knowledge and skills. Serving local communities for free and requesting competitive compensation are
not demonstrations of due care.
SOURCE: FI:351
SOURCE: LAP-FI-351—With Due Care (The Role of Ethics in Accounting)
42. A
Loans. Businesses often obtain loans from banks or investors. A thriving business may use loan money
to expand its operations. On the other hand, an ailing business might use borrowed money simply to
survive. Other sources of cash that flow into a business include sale of assets, interest, sale of products,
and startup money. Payroll, taxes, and rent are examples of cash that flow out of a business.
SOURCE: FI:091
SOURCE: LAP-FI-091—Count the Cash (Cash Flow Statements)
43. D
Dividends. Dividends are payments made to those who have invested in a company. These payments
can be made on a recurring basis or infrequently. Dividends are included on an equity statement, a
financial document released as a common component of the annual financial statement. Retained
earnings reflect the income the company has chosen to keep. Treasury stock is the number of shares
that have been repurchased by the company. Retained earnings and treasury stock are other
components that appear on an equity statement, but they do not belong to Jane or other investors. Par
value refers to the value of a bond, not an investor.
SOURCE: FI:630
SOURCE: Horton, M. (2017, December 7). What are the components of shareholders' equity?
Retrieved January 9, 2020, from https://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/012115/whatare-components-shareholders-equity.asp
44. C
Retained earnings. The retained earnings component of an equity statement reflects the income earned
and kept by the company. Dividends are payments made to shareholders. If a company decides not to
pay dividends, then that money would be considered retained earnings. Outstanding shares and treasury
stock are other components of an equity statement, but they are not affected if dividends are not paid.
Cash flow is not a recognized label on an equity statement.
SOURCE: FI:630
SOURCE: Horton, M. (2017, December 7). What are the components of shareholders' equity?
Retrieved January 9, 2020, from https://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/012115/whatare-components-shareholders-equity.asp



FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

20

45. C
Accountants record the information that finance managers need to make decisions. The accounting and
finance functions have distinct primary focuses and purposes. The accounting function records and
generates the information needed to plan and make decisions in the finance function. Accountants do not
approve the decisions finance managers make about money. Finance managers do not have total control
over what records accountants keep. The acquisition of funds is a main responsibility of a company's
finance department.
SOURCE: FI:354
SOURCE: LAP-FI-354—Money Matters (Role of Finance)
46. B
Timing. Out-of-pocket costs are those that must be paid now or in the future, using resources that have
yet to be spent. Sunk costs, on the other hand, are those that have already been incurred. Sunk cost
refers to money that has already been spent and is unable to be regained. Value, accessibility, and
ownership do not represent the difference between out-of-pocket and sunk costs.
SOURCE: FI:658
SOURCE: Tuovila, A. (2019, September 30). Sunk cost. Retrieved January 10, 2020, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/s/sunkcost.asp
47. B
Irrelevant costs. Committed costs are those that have already been set aside for a future expense and
cannot be altered. Because these costs are already expected and cannot be changed, they are not
relevant to business decisions a manager may make. Cash inflow is the money going into a business.
Cash receipts are the money that a business collects (e.g., business income).
SOURCE: FI:658
SOURCE: Kenton, W. (2019, October 6). Irrelevant cost. Retrieved January 13, 2020, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/i/irrelevantcost.asp
48. A
Marginal analysis. Marginal analysis is a technique used to make financial decisions by comparing the
relevant costs of each alternative to determine the difference in cost. The company should perform
marginal analysis to see the difference in cost between the two software options. Return on investment,
vertical analysis, and sales forecasting would not help the company compare the difference in cost
between the two software options.
SOURCE: FI:659
SOURCE: CliffsNotes. (2016). Introduction to incremental analysis. Retrieved February 11, 2020, from
https://www.cliffsnotes.com/study-guides/accounting/accounting-principles-ii/incrementalanalysis/introduction-to-incremental-analysis
49. C
Data cleansing helps businesses archive old data. CRM technology provides businesses with information
about their customers and helps those businesses establish better relationships with top customers.
However, to optimize their use of CRM technology, businesses must cleanse the data in CRM
applications. This typically involves identifying and removing inaccurate and/or duplicate data.
Businesses also cleanse their CRM data to archive old data. Doing so typically reduces wasted time and
shortens sales cycles. CRM software can be built to suit a business's needs, so data caps are not likely a
concern.
SOURCE: CR:024
SOURCE: BuzzBoard. (2020). What is data cleansing. Retrieved January 20, 2020, from
buzzboard.com/crm-data-cleansing



FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

21

50. D
Accumulating data on costs and profits. Managerial accountants provide financial information to
managers to help managers make informed business decisions. The financial information that
managerial accountants provide can vary from manager to manager, but a large part of managerial
accounting work is accumulating data on business costs and profits. Preparing financial statements for
public review is a responsibility of a financial accountant; managerial accounting is not for external use.
Gathering social media trends and calculating risk probability are not accounting activities.
SOURCE: FI:660
SOURCE: Tuovila, A. (2019, October 6). Managerial accounting. Retrieved January 13, 2020, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/m/managerialaccounting.asp
51. A
Investigates why that discrepancy occurred. Variance analysis identifies any discrepancies between
actual and planned behavior and provides an explanation for why and how that difference happened.
This information helps business leaders make decisions and potentially change operations to address
any issues; variance analysis itself does not automatically make those changes or suspend activity.
Some variation can be expected. Variance analysis helps business leaders maintain control of an
organization and does not typically publish discrepancies for external perusal.
SOURCE: FI:661
SOURCE: Bragg, S. (2018, December 21). Variance analysis. Retrieved January 13, 2020, from
https://www.accountingtools.com/articles/what-is-variance-analysis.html
52. C
Variance analysis. Variance analysis provides any discrepancies between actual and planned behavior
and an explanation for why and how that difference happened. Focuses of a variance analysis can
include material, labor, and overhead as well as purchase price, selling price, etc. Marketing
management is a career area in which employees focus on all marketing functions. Performance
evaluation is a formal assessment by the supervisor of a worker's job performance that lets the worker
know how s/he is doing on the job. A sales report is a comprehensive record of sales activities over a
period of time.
SOURCE: FI:661
SOURCE: Bragg, S. (2018, December 21). Variance analysis. Retrieved January 13, 2020, from
https://www.accountingtools.com/articles/what-is-variance-analysis.html
53. B
Management; consider a business's total cost of production. Cost accounting is a form of managerial
accounting, which provides financial information to leadership that makes business decisions. It does not
typically provide information to external parties, such as stakeholders. Cost accounting considers a
company's cost of production, which can include labor, materials, overhead, etc. It does not include
advertising costs.
SOURCE: FI:662
SOURCE: Tuovila, A. (2019, September 30.) Cost accounting. Retrieved January 14, 2020, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/cost-accounting.asp
54. C
Audience. While financial accounting provides financial information to audiences outside of an
organization, managerial accounting provides financial information to company leadership that makes
business decisions. While it is possible that the scope, arrangement, and quality of provided information
may differ between a financial accountant and a managerial accountant, none are the distinguishing
factor between the two types of accounting.
SOURCE: FI:657
SOURCE: Tuovila, A. (2019, October 6). Managerial accounting. Retrieved January 10, 2020, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/m/managerialaccounting.asp



FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

22

55. B
Cost allocation. Cost allocation involves splitting up and assigning cost to smaller entities within a
business. These smaller entities vary based on the goals and needs of an organization, but they can be
split up by headcount, space, labor hours, usage, etc. In this scenario, Tess's business is allocating
insurance costs by headcount. Because the department is made of 10% of the company's employees, it
pays 10% of the costs. Cost estimate is a ballpark figure (or guess) of how much will be spent on a given
activity. Cost per contact is the total cost per interaction with a member of a target audience. Costeffective means economical—good value in relation to the price or cost.
SOURCE: FI:663
SOURCE: Accounting Tools. (2019, May 4). Cost allocation. Retrieved January 14, 2020, from
https://www.accountingtools.com/articles/what-is-cost-allocation.html
56. B
Well planned. Money is a limited resource. Therefore, when developing a budget, a business must plan
how best to support each department and budget category in accomplishing the company's overall goals.
This planning process is based on the manager's knowledge, on past budgets, and on external factors,
such as economic trends and the level of competition. Instead of rigid, secret, and aggressive, budgets
should be flexible, clearly communicated, and realistic.
SOURCE: FI:106
SOURCE: LAP-FI-106—Money Tracks (Nature of Budgets)
57. B
Present value and interest rate. The formula for calculating the future value of money is Future Value =
Present Value X (1 + Interest Rate). In order to determine the future value of money, you must know the
present value and interest rate. Par value refers to the value of a bond. Exchange rate is the value at
which one currency can be converted to another.
SOURCE: FI:238
SOURCE: Chen, J. (2019, September 25). Time value of money (TVM). Retrieved January 10, 2020,
from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/t/timevalueofmoney.asp
58. A
Now. The time value of money explains the idea that money available now is worth more than the
identical amount in the future because of its earning potential. If Ajay accepts the money now, it has the
potential to earn interest over time. If he accepts the money at any later point (six months, one year, five
years, etc.), then Ajay is missing out on the earning potential of the original $100.
SOURCE: FI:238
SOURCE: Chen, J. (2019, September 25). Time value of money (TVM). Retrieved January 10, 2020,
from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/t/timevalueofmoney.asp
59. D
Profitability; investors. One of the many reasons to maintain accurate financial information is to
demonstrate a business's profitability to potential investors. Investors want to see accurate information
and some assurance of profitability before choosing to help finance the company. Financial records are
unlikely to demonstrate product benefits or specifications to anyone. Tax collectors may be interested to
see financial records, but they are unlikely to be interested in anything involving incentives.
SOURCE: FM:002
SOURCE: Jefferson, L. (2017, August 2). Are you maintaining accurate records? Retrieved January 8,
2020, from https://strategiccfo.com/are-you-maintaining-accurate-records/



FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

23

60. B
Many financial data are stored in custom, task-specific software and are not easily accessible. Financialinformation management involves accessing, processing, maintaining, evaluating, and disseminating
financial data to assist in business decision-making, as well as supporting budgeting activities and storing
and protecting customer financial information. Challenges for financial-information management include
inadequate information, multiple master sources of data, inaccuracies, inefficiencies, and disparate data
structures. Unfortunately, many companies house their financial data in custom, task-specific software,
making it difficult for others in the organization to access that data if they do not have that specialized
software. Financial managers may use Microsoft Office applications to prepare reports, but they don't
typically use such software for financial recordkeeping. Financial accountants, not managerial
accountants, prepare financial information for use by external stakeholders.
SOURCE: FM:002
SOURCE: Mancini, J. (2018, October 4). 5 startling stats about information management in the financial
services industry. Retrieved February 3, 2020, from https://www.m-files.com/blog/5-startlingstats-information-management-financial-services-industry/
61. B
Stock price instability. When a company is accused of unethical accounting practices, investors and
shareholders often sell their stock in the company to avoid losing their investment. The resulting rapid
drop in stock prices can lead to further instability as more investors begin to sell their shares. Employee
loyalty and public faith in the company are likely to drop in event of such an accusation. Shareholders are
not incentivized by bad accounting practices, but rather by accurate reporting of profitability.
SOURCE: FM:003
SOURCE: Carty, S. (2020). What are the advantages of financial accounting ethics? Retrieved January
8, 2020, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/advantages-financial-accounting-ethics32960.html
62. C
Calculations can be completed more quickly and efficiently. Technology has improved financialinformation management in a number of ways. An important benefit resulting from this technology is
faster, more efficient calculations. Although there are added security features of modern-day information
management systems, the security of financial information is still very important. Even cloud-based
financial management systems are subject to the possibility of hacking. In some ways, the movement of
financial information to cloud-based management systems has opened up new possibilities for security
breaches. Calculating, comparing, and transferring information have all been greatly improved by recent
technological advances in the field of financial-information management. Data does not typically flow
from information management systems to point-of-sale systems; the flow of data is usually from point-ofsale systems to information management systems.
SOURCE: FM:011
SOURCE: Dlabay, L., Burrow, J.L., & Kleindl, B. (2019). Principles of business (9th ed.) [Lesson 12.2].
Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
63. B
Total revenues, total costs, and profits. The basic budgeting equation is Total Revenues - Total Costs =
Profit. The total costs identified in this equation include all costs and expenses. Total revenues include all
sales revenues from all sources. Profit is the difference between the two. Fixed, variable, and semivariable costs are the three main types of costs that combine to make total costs. Inventory is not a basic
component in budgeting, although aspects involving inventory do appear in a budget. Fixed assets and
investments are important aspects of accounting and therefore do impact budgets, but they are not
among the basic components of a business budget.
SOURCE: FM:013
SOURCE: Inc.com Encyclopedia. (n.d.) How to start a business budget. Retrieved January 8, 2020,
from https://www.inc.com/encyclopedia/businessbudget.html



FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

24

64. B
Horizontal analysis. Horizontal analyses compare the information from a single company's income
statements over multiple years. This allows analysts to determine trends and make forecasts for future
performance. Vertical analyses are used in comparing companies within the same industry, even
companies of vastly different sizes. This is because a vertical analysis of an income statement results in
the calculation of multiple ratios, which are more easily compared across multiple companies of different
sizes than are dollars. Leverage analyses are effective at determining company performance by resulting
in a debt-to-equity ratio. These are typically performed with income statement information for a single
year. Liquidity analyses are performed with information from a company's balance sheet to determine if a
company is able to meet its short-term debts.
SOURCE: FM:014
SOURCE: Corporate Finance Institute. (2020). Types of financial analysis. Retrieved January 8, 2020,
from https://corporatefinanceinstitute.com/resources/knowledge/finance/types-of-financialanalysis/
65. B
To assess the level of risk involved in investing in the company. The debt-to-equity (D/E) ratio measures
the degree to which a company has financed its activities through debt as opposed to using shareholder
equity in the company. Typically, a high D/E ratio suggests that the company is a higher risk for investors
because a lot of the financing has been done through borrowing. The D/E ratio is a particularly poor
metric for evaluating companies in different industries as standard D/E ratios differ by industry. Other
metrics are also better for comparing current and past performance, such as horizontal analyses. The
ability of a company to hire more employees could not be determined from its D/E ratio.
SOURCE: FM:014
SOURCE: Hayes, A. (2019, June 13). Debt-to-equity ratio - d/e. Retrieved January 9, 2020, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/d/debtequityratio.asp
66. B
Liability. Unlike traditional accounting, in which inventory is considered an asset, lean accounting treats
inventory as a liability because having an inventory requires labor, storage, and other expenses.
Inventory is viewed as an asset in traditional accounting methods because it is a value owned and not
owed. Inventory cannot be considered a revenue until it is sold and ceases to be inventory. Equity refers
to the amount of value that a shareholder has invested in a business.
SOURCE: FM:016
SOURCE: Antony, D. (2020). Benefits of lean accounting in a lean manufacturing company. Retrieved
January 9, 2020, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/benefits-lean-accounting-leanmanufacturing-company-4924.html
67. A
Determine whether a customer is worthy of purchasing on trade credit. Many business-to-business
transactions are financed using trade credit, which simplifies the sales process. However, not all
companies are able to repay their creditors for the products they purchase on credit. Before offering
another business the opportunity to purchase on credit, it is important to do the research necessary to
ensure that the company is likely to be able to pay. One strategy for helping to make this judgement is to
collect references. Also, as is the case with individuals, companies have credit scores which indicate their
level of creditworthiness. Finally, financial ratios can give some insight into whether the company's
finances are strong enough that it will be in a position to pay its debts. While many of these methods are
used by potential investors to determine if a company is worth the investment, they are not as useful in
determining which investors a company should turn to. Financial managers calculate financial ratios to
help them make decisions about their own companies, but they are not likely to contact references or
obtain their own credit score in order to do so.
SOURCE: FM:009
SOURCE: Fowler, S. (2017, September 26). How to analyze customer credit worthiness. Retrieved
January 9, 2020, from https://bizfluent.com/how-8543910-analyze-customer-creditworthiness.html



FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

25

68. B
Has the resources to pay its short-term debts. Liquidity ratios measure a company's ability to turn its
short-term assets into enough cash to cover its short-term liabilities (amounts the company owes in the
short term). Companies with low liquidity ratios are likely to encounter problems paying short-term debts
like purchases made on credit. Profitability ratios help evaluate the company's ability to control its
expenses to the point where profit can be generated. Long-term success and the likely return on
investment can be assessed through a variety of methods, but neither necessarily involve liquidity ratios.
SOURCE: FM:009
SOURCE: Avenir, R. (2020). The effects of liquidity ratios. Retrieved January 9, 2020, from
https://smallbusiness.chron.com/effects-liquidity-ratios-57308.html
69. C
Improve customer satisfaction. When a company improves its response time to customer complaints, it
also improves customer satisfaction. Responding to customer complaints does not help a company
develop new goods and services or achieve stability. Companies desiring to improve profitability typically
focus on increasing sales, reducing costs, and improving efficiency.
SOURCE: MK:015
SOURCE: LAP-MK-015—Act Now! (Employee Actions and Company Goals)
70. D
Detect the possibility of fraud. Benford's Law explores the distribution of digits in a large, randomly
generated set of natural numbers. In this data set, the most frequent leading digit is 1, followed by 2, 3, 4,
etc., exponentially decreasing until the least frequent leading digit, 9. When applied to data analytics and
financial statements, this law helps identify possible deviations from this pattern, which could indicate
fraudulently manufactured numbers. Benford's Law does not directly find opportunities for profit, identify
personnel issues, or estimate business viability.
SOURCE: NF:124
SOURCE: Sarkar, T. (2018, October 25). What is Benford's Law and why is it important for data
science? Retrieved January 14, 2020, from https://towardsdatascience.com/what-isbenfords-law-and-why-is-it-important-for-data-science-312cb8b61048
71. C
Prescriptive analytics recommend specific courses of action. Descriptive analytics use existing data to
provide descriptions of the past. Predictive analytics, on the other hand, use existing, past data to predict
a variety of possible futures. These descriptions of possible futures, however, cannot themselves arrive
at a recommended decision. Since data analytics in business are often utilized to aid in decision-making,
predictive analytics have limits in their applicability to decision-making. Where predictive analytics offer a
forecast for the future, they do not recommend a specific course of action. Instead, predictive analytics
can be combined with a rule or set of constraints to become prescriptive analytics, which take predictive
analytics a step further by providing the rule and set of constraints. In this way, they limit the number of
“possible futures” down to those that are most likely to result in the preferred outcomes. In this way,
prescriptive analytics aid in decision-making by suggesting which decision is likely to be best.
SOURCE: NF:139
SOURCE: Camm, J.D., Cochran, J.J., Fry, M.J., Ohlmann, J.W., Anderson, D.R., Sweeney, D.J., &
Williams, T.A. (2019). Business analytics (3rd ed.) [Lesson 1.3]. Boston, MA: Cengage
Learning, Inc.



FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

26

72. D
Cluster analysis. Cluster analysis is intended to group data points into groups or clusters. The goal here
is to allow observable data to naturally collect into groups that are largely homogenous, share a set of
characteristics, and are unlike the data in other groups or clusters. These clusters, when used to sort
consumers, create market segments that can be targeted with marketing. Market basket analysis focuses
on establishing links between data points that tend to occur together. This is often used in determining
which items tend to be purchased (placed in a “market basket” together). Prediction analyses, such as
regression analysis, involves using independent or predictor variables to anticipate a response of
dependent variable. Forecasting analysis seeks to make predictions about specific time periods based on
historical observations and other considerations.
SOURCE: NF:148
SOURCE: Camm, J.D., Cochran, J.J., Fry, M.J., Ohlmann, J.W., Anderson, D.R., Sweeney, D.J., &
Williams, T.A. (2019). Business analytics (3rd ed.) [Lesson 4.1]. Boston, MA: Cengage
Learning, Inc.
73. A
Tax records. For tax purposes, businesses must record everything they pay their employees and the
deductions that are made, including withholdings. Companies also keep track of their assets such as
furniture and equipment. These asset records allow companies to track the depreciation of their assets
for accounting purposes. Customer records include clients' names, addresses, contact information, and
possibly information about purchases made by the customer. Legal records include items such as
contracts and agreements, intellectual property records, and work orders.
SOURCE: NF:001
SOURCE: LAP-NF-001—Record It (Business Records)
74. D
Government. Governments can have an important impact on any organization. One of the ways they can
do so is through regulation. For example, a company that is considering whether to buy or construct a
new building would need to consider zoning regulations. Likewise, a company that is involved in
manufacturing might be required to adhere to regulations involving emissions or product safety. A
business's competitors would also need to adhere to regulations. Technology may involve regulations,
but these factors are unlikely to affect the ways in which technology is handled in an environmental scan.
Demographics would not involve regulations.
SOURCE: NF:015
SOURCE: LAP-NF-015—Get the 4-1-1 (Conducting an Environmental Scan)
75. B
Inventory control. Inventory control involves tracking the amount, kind, and value of the items that a
business possesses. This involves maximizing the amount of inventory to the point where there is no risk
of stockout costs (costs associated with running out of inventory) while limiting holding costs (the costs
associated with keeping inventory in stock) to a minimum. Quality control involves ensuring that a product
meets a degree of excellence. Scheduling involves establishing a timeline to be followed in the
production of a product. Logistics involves managing the flow of products from production to
consumption.
SOURCE: OP:189
SOURCE: LAP-OP-189—Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations)
76. C
Integrity. Data integrity involves the wholeness or completeness of data and information. A breach of data
integrity is sometimes referred to as data corruption. Corruption may be the result of an attack, but it may
also occur at various points during the entering, storing, or transmitting of information. Data confidentiality
is threatened when unauthorized users gain access to the data. Confidentiality is related to data privacy,
although data privacy also involves the intended use of specific types of data. Data availability refers to
the usability or the delivery format of data.
SOURCE: OP:064
SOURCE: Whitman, M.S., & Mattord, H.J. (2019). Management of information Security (6th ed.)
[Lesson 1-1b]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.



FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

27

77. C
Pooled. Pooled interdependence is the lowest form of interdependence in which departments operate
with little to no interaction. Departments in this organizational structure may impact each other's
operations at the highest level of organizational budget, success, or failure but do not generally interact
beyond that. Sequential interdependence refers to an organizational structure in which one department
relies on the work completed by another department. One way to think of this type of interdependence is
as though departments perform tasks in an assembly-line relationship in which the output from one
department becomes the input for the next. Reciprocal interdependence is the most complex form of
interdependence. Reciprocal interdependence occurs when tasks flow both ways between departments.
Information that is taken in by one department is processed and shared with others, which is in turn
processed and shared back. Each department's functioning depends on the functioning of the others.
Mutual interdependence is not a major form of organizational interdependence.
SOURCE: OP:196
SOURCE: Griffin, R.W. (2018). Fundamentals of management (8th ed.) [Lesson 6-1e]. Boston, MA:
Cengage Learning, Inc.
78. C
Erin spent an hour selecting fonts when she should have been practicing her speech. Monitoring a
project's scope is important because it helps you stay on task and do the work you are supposed to be
doing, rather than getting distracted by unimportant tasks. Erin needs to monitor the scope of her project
because she is spending too much time on a task that she did not need to do. Zander is monitoring
budget. Mateo is monitoring people. Finally, Bethany is monitoring schedule.
SOURCE: OP:520
SOURCE: LAP-OP-520—Check Your (Project) Pulse (Monitoring Projects and Taking Corrective
Actions)
79. C
Fixed; semi-variable. Fixed costs do not increase or decrease based on changes in production. Variable
costs fluctuate based on changes in production. Semi-variable costs are those in which part of the cost
does not change and part of the cost does. If a company pays it workers a set wage and its employees
work a set 40-hour work week, then those wages are fixed costs. If, however, workers are asked to work
overtime, their regular wage remains the same. However, the amount of overtime paid to the employees
will change based on the amount of overtime hours worked. The combination of a fixed cost with a
variable cost is called a semi-variable cost. Semi-fixed cost is another name for semi-variable cost.
SOURCE: OP:024
SOURCE: LAP-OP-009—Watch Your (Over) Head (Overhead/Operating Costs)
80. C
Employees. Employees are ultimately responsible for making sure that they maintain an appropriate
work-life balance. While there is no perfect balance, this might include setting boundaries, unplugging
from company technology at predetermined times, and taking breaks as needed. While employers can
help with work-life balance, they are not responsible for ensuring employees maintain this balance.
Coworkers and customers do not have control over the work-life balance that employees maintain.
SOURCE: PD:179
SOURCE: Schooley, S. (2019, June 19). 8 ways to improve your work-life balance today. Retrieved
January 14, 2020, from https://www.businessnewsdaily.com/5244-improve-work-life-balancetoday.html
81. B
Innovation. Innovation is the development of something new, such as a new product, method, strategy, or
process. Innovation can also involve an improvement of something that already exists. Adding
automation to an assembly line is an example of innovation because the automation is likely to improve
the efficiency of the assembly line process. An invention involves creating something entirely new that did
not exist prior to the invention. Creativity, which can be a part of developing innovative ideas, is the ability
to generate unique ideas, approaches, and solutions. People with problem-solving skills are often able to
innovate and find solutions to obstacles in their path.
SOURCE: PD:126
SOURCE: LAP-PD-126—Ideas in Action (Innovation Skills)



FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

28

82. B
Business information management. An employee making sure that business initiatives and computer/IT
processes work smoothly together is working in the area of business information management. Business
information management is an umbrella term covering those careers that provide a bridge between
business processes/initiatives and IT (information technology). Employees in this area help align
business and IT goals. Employees working in accounting collect, analyze, organize, and report
accounting information. Employees working in operations management focus on planning, organizing,
coordinating, and controlling the resources needed to produce/provide a business's goods and/or
services. Employees working in securities and investments typically work in brokerage firms, investment
banks, and stock exchanges to support the flow of funds from investors to companies and institutions.
SOURCE: PD:025
SOURCE: LAP-PD-025—Go for It! (Careers in Business)
83. C
Accountant. An accountant records, classifies, summarizes, analyzes, and communicates a business's
financial information and business transactions for use in decision-making. A bank manager runs and
operates a bank, while a compliance analyst may analyze financial records to make sure they are in
accordance with legal requirements. A compliance analyst would not necessarily prepare financial
records. An insurance agent sells insurance and does not typically prepare and examine financial
records.
SOURCE: PD:152
SOURCE: LAP-PD-020—Career Opportunities in Finance
84. C
Financial analyst. Careers in corporate finance such as financial analysts, cash managers, and capital
expenditure managers typically focus on finding money for a company and then making sure that the
money is managed correctly. This involves the implementation of capital structure, budgeting and
financial planning, acquisition and investment, funding, dividends, and taxation policies and decisions. A
mutual fund manager oversees a bundle of funds and is responsible for investing those funds to
maximum profit for investors. An insurance agent is someone who sells insurance that transfers risk from
an individual or business to an insurance company. A financial accountant records, classifies,
summarizes, and communicates a business's financial information to external stakeholders.
SOURCE: PD:152
SOURCE: LAP-PD-020—Career Opportunities in Finance
85. B
Good corporate governance. Corporate governance is the combined set of rules, practices, and
processes by which an organization is managed. Benefits of effective corporate governance include
fewer incidents of misconduct, smoother day-to-day operations, and better relationships with
stakeholders. This example demonstrates how adherence to corporate governance policies can benefit
an organization. Ethics training, public relations initiatives, and SMART goals can also benefit
companies, but they are not demonstrated in this example.
SOURCE: PD:213
SOURCE: Chen, J. (2019, April 18). Corporate governance definition. Retrieved January 23, 2020, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/corporategovernance.asp
86. C
Satisfaction. Involving employees in business decisions often leads to increased job satisfaction and
investment in the company, as employees see that their ideas are heard and valued. While not all
decisions require employee consultation, it is often to the benefit of the company that it take advantage of
employee involvement. It is less likely or not likely at all that employee involvement would lead to
employee burnout, sales, or relocation.
SOURCE: PD:301
SOURCE: Heathfield, S.M. (2019, July 26). What does employee involvement actually look like?
Retrieved January 14, 2020, from https://www.thebalancecareers.com/employeeinvolvement-1918100



FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

29

87. A
Transparency. When a business is transparent, it means it maintains open and truthful communications.
If a business is transparent about company goals, values, and strategies, employees are better able to
understand their roles within the greater organization. The public also views the organization more
positively, because secretive businesses are sometimes viewed with suspicion or skepticism. Efficiency,
flexibility, and anonymity neither help employees better understand their roles nor encourage positive
public impression.
SOURCE: PD:214
SOURCE: Mack, S. (2019, March 8). Seven characteristics of good corporate governance. Retrieved
January 15, 2020, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/seven-characteristics-goodcorporate-governance-57207.html
88. A
Regulations. Governance reports detail activities completed and efforts taken by companies to make sure
their business operations are compliant with regulations. If regulations change, then governance reports
help business document any necessary changes and their response to these changes. While personnel,
the economy, and technology can and do change frequently, they are not related to governance reports
and compliance with business regulations.
SOURCE: PD:214
SOURCE: Price, N.J. (2019, January 19). How to improve governance reporting. Retrieved January 15,
2020, from https://insights.diligent.com/entity-governance/how-to-improve-governancereporting
89. C
Board of directors. Corporate governance includes the controls, policies, and guidelines needed to reach
organizational goals while meeting stakeholders' needs. While many people are affected by corporate
governance structures, the board of directors is the primary influence on corporate governance. The
board is selected by shareholders and has the responsibility of making important decisions for the
business. Shareholders, the chief financial officer (and most other executives), and the HR director do
not hold greater influence than the board on a company's corporate governance.
SOURCE: PD:302
SOURCE: Chen, J. (2019, April 18). Corporate governance definition. Retrieved January 14, 2020, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/corporategovernance.asp
90. C
Limits to economic freedom. People in a private enterprise system are limited by their own choices.
Bailey has a finite amount of money to spend ($50), so she cannot purchase everything she wants. She
has to choose whether she wants jeans or concert tickets. This is not an example of competition in the
market place, governmental control, or private property.
SOURCE: EC:009
SOURCE: LAP-EC-015—People Power (The Private Enterprise System)
91. C
To obtain professional development. Professional organizations and associations exist to help their
members succeed. They provide support to their members, help in networking efforts, create
opportunities to discuss best practices and job opportunities with others in the field, and hold professional
development events to help members grow their skills and knowledge. Professional organizations usually
require their members to pay membership dues. Financial advisors who are active in their professional
organizations may find that organizational duties take time that they could have used for their regular
work responsibilities. Finance professionals don't often join organizations to increase their work
responsibilities.
SOURCE: PD:153
SOURCE: Cussen, M. (2019, October 10). Four professional associations financial advisors should join.
Retrieved January 20, 2020, from https://www.investopedia.com/articles/financialadvisors/121515/4-professional-associations-advisors-should-join.asp



FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

30

92. B
Networking. Networking involves exchanging information with others for the purpose of professional or
business development or advancement. Problem solving involves finding solutions to obstacles or
problems. Advertising is any paid form of nonpersonal presentation of ideas, images, goods, or services.
Co-branding is a brand strategy that involves businesses joining forces for mutual benefit to increase
brand recognition, customer loyalty, and sales for both brands. There is no indication that Maria and
Laura demonstrated problem solving, advertising, or co-branding in the situation.
SOURCE: PD:153
SOURCE: McQuerrey L. (n.d.) Fundamentals of business networking. Retrieved January 20, 2020, from
https://smallbusiness.chron.com/fundamentals-business-networking-39401.html
93. A
Code of conduct. A code of conduct is a set of rules and standards that govern the expected practices,
decisions, procedures, and systems within an organization. Codes of conduct typically address topics
such as conflicts of interest, harassment, discrimination, use of property, confidentiality, etc. An operating
statement, also known as an income statement, summarizes a business's income and expenses over a
period of time. An annual report is a document outlining the financial status of a business. A mission
statement is a brief summary of what a business owner wants a business to be doing.
SOURCE: PD:251
SOURCE: LAP-PD-251—Know the Code (Following Rules of Conduct)
94. B
Give employees a way to voice concerns. Transparency includes maintaining honest and open
communications. It means that everyone is informed about what is going on and has a way to express
him/herself. One important aspect of transparency is giving everyone the opportunity to voice concerns
without the fear of consequences. This means that employees have a safe way to report ethical issues,
which reduces risk. Offering rewards based on job performance, carefully monitoring employees'
resource use, and guarding against digital security threats are not related to transparency.
SOURCE: RM:041
SOURCE: LAP-RM-041—Manage Risk the Right Way (Ethics in Risk Management)
95. A
Employee dissatisfaction. Managers have an ethical responsibility to make a workplace comfortable for
employees. As a result, even though the odor won't hurt his staff, Johnny has an obligation to mitigate or
eliminate the smell if it bothers employees. Dissatisfied employees can be the source of a number of
risks for an organization. Workers may choose to leave for another job, costing time and money in hiring
and training new employees. Current and former employees' actions and any information that they share
could also affect the company's reputation. Company bankruptcy is unlikely to occur as a direct result of
a minor workplace discomfort. Conflicts of interest among employees would not be directly related to
workplace discomfort. It is unclear what kind of company insurance would result from the issue of an
environmental odor.
SOURCE: RM:041
SOURCE: LAP-RM-041—Manage Risk the Right Way (Ethics in Risk Management)
96. C
Cloud-based storage systems make confidential information vulnerable to a privacy breach. The move to
cost- and labor-saving cloud-based storage systems can mean a better solution for data storage but has
the potential to bring other risks and vulnerabilities into a risk management system. Even though cloudbased systems are routinely updated with new security protections, there will always be the possibility of
a data breach. There is no system that is completely free of potential vulnerabilities. Even non-cloud
based systems will likely require contracting with a third-party IT company, which can also leave
confidential information vulnerable. The newest software in risk management not only increases the
speed at which information can be processed but also increases the efficiency and adaptability of risk
management systems.
SOURCE: RM:042
SOURCE: Fadlallah, H. (2018, November 7). How information technologies influenced risk
management. Retrieved January 13, 2020, from https://towardsdatascience.com/howinformation-technologies-influenced-risk-management-7eb3a38d253



FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

31

97. C
Captive. A captive insurance company is one that is wholly owned by a parent company and is a form of
self-insurance. The parent company is able to pay its premiums to its own captive insurer to protect the
company against particular forms of risk. There are a number of reasons that a company may form its
own captive insurer, many of which are focused on lowering the costs of risk management. Professional
liability insurance protects businesses against claims of negligence. While it may be covered by a captive
insurer, it is most often covered by a third-party insurer. Medical malpractice insurance is a form of
professional liability insurance. Compulsory insurance is a term for any type of insurance that is required
by law.
SOURCE: RM:043
SOURCE: Kagan, J. (2019, June 25). Captive insurance company. Retrieved January 13, 2020, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/captive-insurance-company.asp
98. B
Separation. Separation involves spreading a company's important assets across multiple geographic
locations so an event at one location will not affect the operations at other locations. Avoidance involves
choosing not to do something that is considered risky. Loss prevention and loss reduction involve
accepting the risk and limiting the damage done by it.
SOURCE: RM:058
SOURCE: Kenton, W. (2019, August 12). Risk control. Retrieved January 9, 2020, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/r/risk-control.asp
99. A
Enterprise risk management. Enterprise risk management is a business strategy that involves identifying,
assessing, and preparing for any potential dangers or hazards. Enterprise risk management also involves
making the company's plan of action available to stakeholders. In this example, Antonia is engaging in
enterprise risk management—not business objective planning, organizational goal setting, or preliminary
quality management.
SOURCE: RM:062
SOURCE: Kenton, W. (2019, July 2). Enterprise risk management (ERM). Retrieved January 23, 2020,
from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/e/enterprise-risk-management.asp
100. D
Business failure. While many risks that business face are insurable—including property damage,
employee health, and customer injury—uninsurable risks also exist. Most reputational risks, regulatory
risks, trade secret risks, political risks, and pandemic risks are uninsurable, as is the risk of business
failure. There is no insurance available to protect your business against bankruptcy; however, there is
insurance available to cover financial losses (caused by customer injuries, product recalls, etc.) that
might lead to business failure and bankruptcy.
SOURCE: RM:062
SOURCE: Kagan J. (2018, January 17). Uninsurable risk. Retrieved January 10, 2020, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/u/uninsurable-risk.asp

