1. After being fired from his job, Jack wrote blog posts in which he criticized his former company and all of
its employees. He made many negative comments, most of which were untrue. What tort is Jack
committing?
A. Defamation
B. Invasion of privacy
C. Battery
D. Negligence

2. An important purpose of regulations in the finance industry is to
A. prevent the banking system from failing.
B. limit the amount of money individuals can earn.
C. challenge the integrity of the financial system.
D. ensure companies are held accountable for product safety.

3. One benefit of using technology in compliance is that technology is typically more __________ than
maintaining manual compliance processes.
A. costly
B. efficient
C. time-consuming
D. error prone

4. What are import quotas and tariffs designed to do?
A. Eliminate the movement of illegal merchandise
B. Prevent harmful substances from entering a country
C. Prevent illegal immigration across national borders
D. Protect a country's economy from foreign competition

5. Which of the following is a characteristic of the illegal practice of affinity fraud:
A. Primarily involves buying and selling commodities
B. Targets identifiable groups of people
C. Fails to offer testimonials during sales pitches
D. Pays a minimal dividend to encourage additional investment

6. Which of the following actions would be considered illegal insider trading:
A. Gaining access to competitors' data
B. Discussing how a new CEO will affect the company's stock prices with a coworker
C. Buying the stock of your own company
D. Selling a company's stock after an employee tells you about its upcoming merger before that
knowledge is public

7. Which of the following is a tax-deductible expense:
A. A computer for a home-based business
B. Personal phone charges
C. Athletic-club membership fees
D. International leisure travel

8. Aiden is doing research for a school project. While searching the internet, he finds an article that he
thinks may be helpful for his project. Which of the following would indicate that the author of the article is
most likely a credible source:
A. The author has included their personal Twitter handle.
B. There is no background information provided about the author.
C. The author lists their professional background and qualifications.
D. The author is currently a student in college.

9. Cynthia and Gerald are proposing a new project to their boss. When the boss questions Gerald about
something he says, what should Gerald do?
A. Explain to the boss that Cynthia wrote their project proposal
B. Ask for clarity on the question and make sure he answers it fully
C. Answer a different question that Gerald definitely knows the answer to
D. Act defensive because the boss doesn't understand the project

10. You're giving a presentation at your job about the company's sales figures. You want to show how much
profit the company has made in each of the past 12 months. Which visual aid should you choose to show
this?
A. A photograph
B. A pie chart
C. A line graph
D. A video

11. In addition to his name, address, and phone number, what information should Dwight include in his
corporate email signature?
A. His position, work history, and email address
B. His work history, company, and email address
C. His position, company, and email address
D. His position, company, and references

12. Who is responsible for approving corporate governance goals and policies?
A. Shareholders
B. Chief executive officer
C. Board of directors
D. Management team

13. Which of the following is a result of building and maintaining relationships with customers:
A. Increased loyalty
B. Fewer brand advocates
C. Decreased satisfaction
D. Customer turnover

14. Are customers who do not complain a more difficult problem for businesses than customers who do
complain?
A. No, because the salesperson can satisfy the customers who do not complain within company
guidelines.
B. Yes, because records of the complaints cannot be maintained.
C. No, because customers who do not complain do not express ill feelings.
D. Yes, because the salesperson does not have an opportunity to handle the complaint.

15. A primary factor that has led to the consolidation of financial firms is the desire
A. to lower costs.
B. for fewer assets.
C. for fewer products.
D. to lower risks.

16. When discussing your personal finances with a financial advisor, it's important to
A. be open and transparent.
B. exaggerate your income.
C. keep certain debts secret.
D. be guarded and skeptical.

17. While filing a homeowner's insurance claim, Mrs. Ramirez was accidentally disconnected from the call
center representative who was helping her. When Mrs. Ramirez called back, she didn't know whom to
ask for, because she couldn't remember the name of the representative who had been assisting her.
What type of Customer Relationship Management (CRM) data would be most helpful in identifying the
representative?
A. Self-provided data
B. Demographic data
C. Interaction data
D. Historical data

18. Environmental degradation occurs because of
A. nationalism.
B. offshoring.
C. increased production.
D. decreased competition.

19. Nadia's assistant, Roger, rarely does what he's supposed to do. He routinely forgets to schedule her
appointments, orders the wrong supplies for her office, and misses work at least a few times a month. An
employee like Roger is an example of a(n) __________ risk.
A. hazard
B. operational
C. strategic
D. financial

20. If the economy is sluggish, what might a central bank do to encourage spending and investing?
A. Lower interest rates
B. Double interest rates
C. Eliminate interest rates
D. Disregard interest rates

21. Avoiding the use of slang falls under which guideline for dealing effectively with people from different
cultures?
A. Strive to communicate clearly.
B. Show respect.
C. Expect differences to arise.
D. Be patient.

22. Althea just received her first paycheck at work. She's excited, but as she looks at her pay stub, she gets
confused. She wants to know how much money she made in this pay period, but there are so many
different numbers. If Althea wants to know how much money will actually be deposited in her bank
account, she should look at the
A. gross pay.
B. net pay.
C. federal income tax.
D. state tax.

23. Robyn is a United States citizen who is traveling to Ireland for business. Which of the following
documents does she need to bring with her:
A. Her Social Security card
B. A bank statement
C. Her passport
D. A recent utility bill

24. As Ben assesses his personal strengths and weaknesses, what can he do to keep from focusing too
much on his weaknesses?
A. Compare himself to others
B. Identify one strength for every weakness
C. Develop a list of false generalizations
D. Ask others for critical feedback

25. Alex has a naturally outgoing and talkative personality. How could this relate to his values?
A. He might have more confidence in his values.
B. His values might not align with his behavior.
C. He might place less emphasis on his values.
D. He might place a high value on social interaction.

26. You can use your voice to express interest and enthusiasm by speaking
A. with the same inflection.
B. in one tone of voice.
C. in a loud voice.
D. at a variety of pitches.

27. When their regular duties have been completed, employees with initiative look for
A. pleasant tasks.
B. enjoyable reading.
C. additional work.
D. easy jobs.

28. Which of the following statements is true:
A. Only overcommitted people struggle to manage commitments.
B. Procrastination can make it difficult to manage commitments.
C. If you decline commitments, you are a disorganized person.
D. Perfectionists always have a reasonable number of commitments.

29. John and his coworkers get along well, and they frequently talk about their personal lives while eating
lunch together at the office. Which of the following topics is appropriate for John to bring up with his
coworkers:
A. The details of his divorce proceedings
B. What he watched on TV last night
C. The job he'd like to have in 5 years
D. The church service he'd like his coworkers to attend

30. When two people in the same department disagree about how to allocate their budget, they are
experiencing a(n)
A. internal conflict.
B. external conflict.
C. labor dispute.
D. irreconcilable dispute.

31. Which of the following is an example of an ethical principle:
A. Accountability
B. Intelligence
C. Humor
D. Charisma

32. An important characteristic of being adaptable is being
A. content with the way things are.
B. willing to leave your comfort zone.
C. able to assume high levels of risk.
D. pleased about changes when they occur.

33. It is important to be honest about the time commitment when interviewing potential employees for a new
business because
A. being honest should weed out the people who aren't dedicated to the job.
B. entrepreneurs shouldn’t hire employees with busy personal lives.
C. employees who are overburdened are unlikely to stay with the company.
D. employees are not legally allowed to work more than 40 hours/week.
34. Scarlet is setting her personal financial goals. What is the first step she should take to reach her financial
goals?
A. Evaluate her budget
B. Prioritize her goals
C. Make a list of her goals
D. Automate payments

35. When you use money to make money, you are
A. investing.
B. saving.
C. rationing.
D. reimbursing.

36. Melanie is attempting to determine her personal net worth. Which of the following should she consider a
liability:
A. Personal valuables
B. Stocks she owns
C. Her life insurance policy
D. Student loan debt

37. Why is it important for a businessperson to adapt their behavior to the customs and mannerisms of the
country they are visiting?
A. It shows that the businessperson does not care too much about their own native culture.
B. It is a sign of respect that can improve relations among businesspeople of different cultures.
C. It is a display of authority that can lead to increased cooperation from foreign businesspeople.
D. It is proof that the businessperson is intelligent and should be trusted with important sales.

38. Deposit-taking institutions are commonly responsible for
A. making payments on behalf of savers to creditors.
B. raising funds for clients by issuing securities.
C. carrying out regulatory and supervisory functions.
D. using funds from insurance premiums to offer loans.

39. What is the primary function of the foreign exchange market?
A. To trade currency
B. To sell stocks
C. To buy bonds
D. To underwrite policies

40. What do finance professionals need to do to build long-term relationships with their clients?
A. Be honest, open, and trustworthy
B. Invest all clients' money conservatively
C. Follow up with clients every two years
D. Require clients to sign a short-term contract

41. What type of economic indicator are stock market returns commonly considered to be?
A. Lagging
B. Leading
C. Coincident
D. Exploratory

42. One factor that contributed to financial globalization was the shift of many developed countries from
__________ exchange rates to __________ exchange rates.
A. fixed; floating
B. floating; fixed
C. pegged; declining
D. declining; pegged

43. Business decision makers can best analyze the financial impact of increased production by evaluating
__________ cost.
A. marginal
B. sunk
C. fixed
D. average

44. James wants to borrow $2,500 to buy a car. Which of the following financial institutions is most likely to
lend James the money:
A. Financial holding company
B. Investment bank
C. Mortgage company
D. Retail bank

45. What type of financial statement includes an accounting of the shareholders' equity for a company?
A. Balance sheet
B. Income statement
C. Cash flow statement
D. Annual report

46. What do investors often consult to monitor the success of their investment portfolios?
A. Financial almanacs
B. Securities tables
C. Foreign news reports
D. Investment guides

47. The 52-week high and low can tell investors
A. if the company has a lot of debt.
B. how many times a stock has been sold.
C. whether to invest in a stock or mutual fund.
D. if it is a good time to buy or sell.

48. A statement of equity helps companies make decisions about how to
A. organize income statements.
B. analyze financial trends.
C. control their production costs.
D. reinvest their retained earnings.

49. Angelica has determined that many of her colleagues are acting unethically. Whom should she talk to
first?
A. Her supervisor
B. The colleagues involved
C. Top company executives
D. The authorities

50. When making business decisions, which of the following costs is most likely to be evaluated using
qualitative information versus numerical data:
A. Opportunity costs
B. Sunk costs
C. Direct costs
D. Indirect costs

51. The main objective of using marginal analysis in decision-making is to determine whether a business
activity will result in
A. a net revenue smaller than marginal revenue.
B. a marginal revenue equal to or greater than marginal cost.
C. a marginal expense that is greater than marginal cost.
D. a net revenue larger than marginal revenue.

52. Financial globalization helps investors reduce their exposure to
A. speculative bubbles.
B. business cycle risks.
C. regulatory liberalization.
D. capital appreciation.

53. Which of the following cost classifications can help a decision maker determine how well different
department managers performed:
A. Classification by function
B. Classification by controllability
C. Classification by behavior
D. Classification by relevance

54. Variance analysis helps a business
A. compare itself with competitors.
B. make choices between two alternatives.
C. maintain budgetary control.
D. predict future trends.

55. Monica wants to be a good employee and help her company achieve its goals. Which of the following
actions should she take:
A. Come to work even when she's sick or has a family emergency
B. Plan her vacation time wisely to make sure she isn't absent at crucial times
C. Make sure not to be more than half an hour late each day
D. Make up for missing many days by working even harder when she's at work

56. Which of the following is a function of cost accounting budgets:
A. Determining cash flow
B. Controlling finances
C. Understanding profitability
D. Analyzing sources of income

57. Which of the following is an example of ethics in business:
A. Using company resources wisely
B. Striving for a promotion
C. Praising your friends
D. Asking for a raise

58. Today, you invest $5,000 in an account that earns 6% compound interest and $15,000 in an account that
earns 9% compound interest. How much money will you have in five years?
A. $27,766
B. $29,770
C. $36,292
D. $40,228

59. A primary responsibility of financial-information management is to
A. implement sales policies.
B. negotiate contracts with vendors.
C. develop new products.
D. report financial transactions.

60. Smooth operations, clearly defined chains of command, and measurement of performance are all goals
of __________ in corporate governance.
A. independent audits
B. debt management
C. external control mechanisms
D. internal control mechanisms

61. The first step in the project-planning process is to
A. determine the project's purpose and scope.
B. determine project costs.
C. identify needed resources.
D. identify project deliverables.

62. Which of the following is a fixed (unchanging) budget that is used by managers to measure profit or
performance when it's compared to what's happening financially:
A. Operating budget
B. Rolling budget
C. Dynamic budget
D. Master budget

63. A business uses benchmarking applications when it wants to
A. determine the taxes that it owes to the federal government.
B. measure the amount of time that it needs to convert assets into cash.
C. calculate the dividends that will be paid to stockholders.
D. compare its performance with other companies in the industry.

64. Reinhardt Manufacturing and Burke Manufacturing both seek to eliminate waste and streamline their
business processes. Reinhardt Manufacturing, however, believes that waste results from unnecessary
steps in the production process, while Burke Manufacturing asserts that waste comes from variations
within the production process. Reinhardt Manufacturing is practicing __________ methodology, while
Burke Manufacturing is practicing __________ methodology.
A. Lean; Six Sigma
B. Six Sigma; Lean
C. Sustainability; Lean
D. Lean; Sustainability

65. Businesses consider a customer's income when determining whether to
A. charge interest.
B. accept cash sales.
C. restructure policies.
D. offer credit.

66. Which of the following is a technique that a business could use to analyze its customer financial
information:
A. Comparing profit ratios by region
B. Tracking average product shipping delays
C. Determining who exceeded sales quotas
D. Discovering which products sold the most

67. Training and continuing education, rewarding ethical behavior, leading by example, and maintaining an
open door policy are all ways to
A. ensure adherence to an ethics code.
B. reduce employee creativity.
C. increase competition and mistrust.
D. heighten conflict among employees.

68. What is a purpose of standard cost systems?
A. To establish quality standards
B. To evaluate performance
C. To return unused inventory
D. To create industry standards

69. Microsoft Windows, Linux, and macOS are examples of
A. operating systems.
B. computers.
C. internet providers.
D. antivirus software.

70. Which of the following is an acceptable file name for a word-processing document:
A. Office Calendar 3/30/2021*
B. Office Calendar 3 30 2021
C. Office Calendar: 3/30/2021
D. Office Calendar <3 30 2021>

71. Dmitri is building a new website. Which of the following does he need to register to obtain a web address
for his new site:
A. Site builder
B. Web host
C. Domain name
D. Street address

72. Jonas is a data scientist at a research firm. Part of his responsibilities include looking through his firm's
databases and eliminating redundant data. Jonas is performing
A. data normalization.
B. digital analysis.
C. data filtering.
D. information scanning.

73. The purpose of descriptive analysis is to summarize what happened in the past, whereas the purpose of
predictive analysis is to
A. predict what could have happened if the past were different.
B. use existing data to forecast what could happen in the future.
C. hypothesize why the past happened the way that it did.
D. verify that the descriptive analysis was accurate and legitimate.

74. Which of the following statements regarding environmental scanning is true:
A. The information gathered during environmental scanning is dynamic.
B. Environmental scanning should be done once or twice a year.
C. Only managers and supervisors should be involved in environmental scanning.
D. All trends identified through environmental scanning must be acted upon immediately.

75. Which of the following computer applications helps manufacturers track and manage the inventory that
they use to produce goods:
A. Critical path
B. Job sequencing
C. Reverse Logistics Systems (RLS)
D. Material requirements planning (MRP)

76. Businesses such as banks that keep large amounts of cash on hand may be common targets for
A. pilferage.
B. robbery.
C. fraud.
D. shoplifting.

77. A business can protect its confidential computer information from unauthorized users by
A. encrypting computer files.
B. developing internet message boards.
C. conducting annual virus scans.
D. classifying business data.

78. What might happen if your customers are not satisfied with your project work?
A. You might have to adjust your quality standards.
B. You might have to redo the project work.
C. You will need to start the planning process over.
D. You will need to find different customers.

79. What is the end result of identifying project resources?
A. Gaining a clear understanding of what is needed
B. Becoming a better, more cooperative team member
C. Eliminating unforeseen problems
D. Becoming more independent

80. Why has online technology's use increased in financial-information management?
A. Removal of electronic information exchange procedures
B. Passage of laws that recognize electronic documents as legally binding
C. Recognition that the security of transactions is no longer an issue
D. Protection of customers' right to privacy

81. When you keep your workspace organized, you are less likely to
A. forget important phone numbers.
B. misuse office equipment.
C. misplace important documents.
D. discard unnecessary paperwork.

82. Mario expresses himself well in class because he knows how to use words effectively. Mario would be
described as having
A. physical coordination.
B. emotional traits.
C. nonverbal skills.
D. verbal aptitude.

83. What is the difference between skills and traits?
A. Skills are not learned with training, and traits are behaviors that are constantly changing.
B. Skills are repeated behaviors that become a part of the personality, and traits are abilities that
are practiced.
C. Skills are learned through training, and traits are repeated behaviors that become a part of the
personality.
D. Skills are usually easy to learn, and personality traits cannot be changed or altered.

84. Colin is an experienced computer programmer who has contacted an organization to help him find a new
job in another city. After the organization helps Colin obtain a job, Colin's new employer will pay a fee to
the organization. What type of organization is helping Colin find a job?
A. Private employment agency
B. Academic counseling center
C. Government job placement office
D. Internet referral service

85. Lynnette works at Main Street Bank. Her primary job responsibility is to determine if the bank should lend
funds to the bank's customers. Lynnette is working as a
A. bank agent.
B. collections officer.
C. chartered financial consultant.
D. credit analyst.

86. Well-executed corporate governance ensures that an organization is managed in a way that is
A. beneficial for all stakeholders.
B. most helpful for company leaders.
C. detrimental for competitors.
D. irrelevant to the public eye.

87. How can an accountant best contribute to an organization's governance objectives?
A. Determining whether profit margins are shrinking
B. Minimizing risks associated with the objectives
C. Ensuring strong community relations
D. Allocating funds for the objectives in the budget

88. Ethical financial-information management practices make a business
A. susceptible to regulatory investigation.
B. safe from the possibility of security breaches.
C. more volatile in the financial marketplace.
D. more attractive to investors and customers.

89. Which of the following are considered the owners of a corporation:
A. Managers
B. Stockholders
C. CEOs
D. Lower-level employees

90. Many businesses use infographics to help persuade readers because
A. readers spend more time viewing infographics.
B. original artwork usually takes longer to create.
C. most people are lazy and don't like to read.
D. infographics raise the perception of quality.

91. Ben is a vice president of State Street Savings and Loan. Which of the following is a group that is most
likely to help Ben network with others within his profession:
A. Young Professionals Association
B. Local chamber of commerce
C. College alumni group
D. National Bankers Association

92. Building professional, long-term relationships with others in the financial industry requires
A. a formal agreement or contract.
B. consistent communication.
C. membership in unrelated trade organizations.
D. a detached attitude.

93. One reason why companies implement protocols, policies, and procedures is to
A. result in decreased employee morale.
B. allow companies to break the law.
C. foster a competitive environment.
D. reinforce company values.

94. Which of the following presents an ethical issue that may increase a business's level of risk:
A. Developing processes to test product durability
B. Communicating business information to customers
C. Hiring a family member who lacks necessary job skills
D. Striving to achieve higher sales than coworkers

95. A company purchases an expensive new software system and divides the cost of it between the two
departments that will use the system. This is an example of cost
A. precision.
B. accumulation.
C. dividing.
D. allocation.

96. The MIB Company uses protective computer software programs to minimize losses associated with its
customers' financial transactions. It is managing risks associated with
A. purchasing.
B. security.
C. overhead.
D. performance.

97. If an accounting firm deliberately conceals information about a client's financial status, the government
may charge the business with
A. substantiation.
B. expropriation.
C. breach of contract.
D. obstruction of justice.

98. The entire market has just collapsed. This is an __________ risk known as a(n) __________ factor.
A. internal; economic
B. external; economic
C. external; political
D. internal; technological

99. Tyrese and his team are creating a list of their company's critical enterprise-wide risks. They are
compiling
A. a risk inventory.
B. a risk assessment.
C. enterprise risk management.
D. a risk control.

100. Liz has two employees that report to her. She is one of several managers with staffs of similar size. Liz's
organization has a
A. flat structure.
B. wide span of control.
C. narrow span of control.
D. hands-off approach.

/////
1. A
Defamation. Defamation is the publication of an untrue statement that subjects an entity to ridicule or
contempt. Jack is publishing untrue information about his former employer out of spite, so he is
committing defamation. Invasion of privacy occurs when a person's personal life is exposed
unnecessarily. Battery is intentionally touching another in a harmful or offensive way without justification.
Negligence includes situations in which harm is caused accidentally. None of these three types of torts
apply to Jack.
SOURCE: BL:069 Identify the basic torts relating to business enterprises
SOURCE: Miller, R.L. (2020). Business law today: The essentials (12th ed.) [p. 109]. Boston, MA:
Cengage Learning, Inc.
2. A
Prevent the banking system from failing. Regulations require safeguards that help ensure that the
banking system does not collapse. Regulations aim to prevent and offset the negative effects of bank
failures. Regulations in the financial industry do not aim to limit the amount of money that individuals can
earn. Financial regulations help reinforce the integrity of the financial system rather than challenging it.
Financial regulations do not necessarily relate to product safety.
SOURCE: BL:148 Discuss the nature and scope of compliance in the finance industry
SOURCE: MetricStream. (2021). Integrated risk and compliance management for banks and financial
services organizations: Benefits of a holistic approach. Retrieved August 6, 2021, from
https://www.metricstream.com/whitepapers/html/financial_services.htm
3. B
Efficient. Technology can make compliance processes more efficient and effective. Manual compliance
processes can be more costly, more time-consuming, and more error prone.
SOURCE: BL:149 Describe the use of technology in compliance
SOURCE: Deloitte Risk & Compliance Journal. (2018, December 2). Technology: A powerful tool to
help modernize compliance. Retrieved August 6, 2021, from
https://deloitte.wsj.com/articles/technology-a-powerful-tool-to-help-modernize-compliance1543802532
4. D
Protect a country's economy from foreign competition. By imposing tariffs or quotas on commodities
entering a country, the country can reduce the economic impact of imported products. Quotas and tariffs
do not prevent harmful substances or illegal merchandise from entering a country. Quotas and tariffs do
not have an impact on illegal immigration.
SOURCE: BL:126 Describe the nature of customs regulations
SOURCE: Economics Online. (2021). Quotas and tariffs. Retrieved August 5, 2021, from
https://www.economicsonline.co.uk/Global_economics/Tariffs_and_quotas.html
5. B
Targets identifiable groups of people. Affinity fraud often takes the form of a Ponzi or pyramid scheme
and involves targeting members who belong to the same group such as a church, senior citizen's social
club, or civic organization. Because the scammer claims an association with the group and often lures
group leaders or respected group members into investing in the scheme, other group members may
believe that they can trust the scammer, which prompts them to hand over their money for "investment."
The leaders or respected group members who fall prey to the scheme may provide testimonials to
encourage investment. Group members who invest later in the scam often do not see any return on their
investment. Affinity fraud does not primarily involve buying and selling commodities.
SOURCE: BL:133 Discuss legal considerations in the finance industry
SOURCE: North American Securities Administrators Association. (2019). Affinity fraud: Beware of
swindlers who claim loyalty to your group. Retrieved August 6, 2021, from
https://www.nasaa.org/7157/affinity-fraud-beware-of-swindlers-who-claim-loyalty-to-yourgroup/

Test 1248

FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

11

6. D
Selling a company's stock after an employee tells you about its upcoming merger before that knowledge
is public. Insider trading is buying or selling a security while in possession of material, nonpublic
information. If a company's employee tells you that it is about to undergo a merger before that knowledge
is public, and you sell the company's stock in response, you are participating in illegal insider trading.
Internally discussing changes in the business (and their effects on stock prices) internally is not illegal
insider trading. Buying the stock of your own company is not illegal insider trading. Finally, gaining
access to competitors' data is not illegal insider trading.
SOURCE: BL:133 Discuss legal considerations in the finance industry
SOURCE: U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. (n.d.). Insider trading. Retrieved August 6, 2021,
from https://www.sec.gov/fast-answers/answersinsiderhtm.html
7. A
A computer for a home-based business. Many business expenses—equipment, supplies, and travel—are
tax deductible under specific conditions. Often, individuals pay for business-related goods and services
up front and list them as deductions on their tax returns, which can lower their tax obligation. A computer
used for a home-based business is an example of an item that can be claimed as a tax deduction on a
tax return. Goods and services for personal consumption—personal phone charges, athletic-club
membership fees, and international leisure travel—are not tax-deductible expenses.
SOURCE: BL:134 Discuss the effect of tax laws and regulations on financial transactions
SOURCE: Corporate Finance Institute. (2021). Tax deductible. Retrieved August 6, 2021, from
https://corporatefinanceinstitute.com/resources/knowledge/finance/tax-deductible/
8. C
The author lists their professional background and qualifications. Credible authors generally provide
background information about themselves such as where they attended school or received training. If
there is no background information provided by an author, it is best to do further research on the
individual to determine if they are a credible source of information. Including a personal Twitter handle
does not necessarily imply credibility. Articles and reports by college students may be useful in certain
situations but usually should not be used as primary sources of information, because their credibility
cannot be guaranteed.
SOURCE: CO:054 Identify sources that provide relevant, valid written material
SOURCE: Johns Hopkins Sheridan Libraries. (2021, June 19). Evaluating sources. Retrieved August 5,
2021, from https://guides.library.jhu.edu/evaluate/sources
9. B
Ask for clarity on the question and make sure he answers it fully. By asking for clarity, Gerald can make
sure that he fully understands his boss's question and give him the best possible answer. Telling the
boss that Cynthia wrote the project, answering a different question, or acting defensively would reflect
poorly on Gerald and paint him in a bad light.
SOURCE: CO:060 Provide legitimate responses to inquiries
SOURCE: Indeed. (2021, March 18). What are clarifying questions and when should you ask them?
Retrieved August 6, 2021, from https://www.indeed.com/career-advice/careerdevelopment/clarifying-questions
10. C
A line graph. Line graphs are best used to show changes (particularly small changes) over time. For
example, if you want to demonstrate your company's profit in each of the past 12 months, a line graph
would be one effective method. Pie charts are more commonly used to show how categories relate to the
whole. A photograph or a video would likely not showcase the data you want to present.
SOURCE: CO:087 Select and use appropriate graphic aids
SOURCE: Oetting, J. (2021, June 8). Data visualization 101: How to choose the right chart or graph for
your data. Retrieved August 6, 2021, from https://blog.hubspot.com/marketing/types-ofgraphs-for-data-visualization

Test 1248

FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

12

11. C
His position, company, and email address. An email signature is generally text or images appearing at
the bottom of an email indicating a person's or business's identity, contact information, and/or offer. A
business professional's email signature should contain—at the very least—the person's name, address,
phone number, position, company, and email address. It is not necessary or recommended to include
your work history or references in your email signature.
SOURCE: CO:090 Write professional emails
SOURCE: Cox, L.K. (2021, June 9). How to write a great email signature [+ professional examples].
Retrieved August 6, 2021, from https://blog.hubspot.com/marketing/professional-emailsignatures
12. C
Board of directors. The board of directors approves high-level corporate governance goals and policies.
The chief executive officer and management team are responsible for recommending the goals and
policies to be approved by the board. Select shareholders may be on the board of directors, but the
shareholders as a whole do not approve goals and policies.
SOURCE: PD:303 Describe the impact of governance processes on decision-making and management
functions
SOURCE: Chen, J. (2021, July 4). Corporate governance. Retrieved August 6, 2021, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/corporategovernance.asp
13. A
Increased loyalty. Customers are more likely to remain loyal to companies that actively maintain
relationships with them because customers enjoy feeling appreciated and respected. For this reason,
customers that have relationships with companies tend to be valuable brand advocates to their friends
and families. Building and maintaining relationships with customers usually results in increased customer
satisfaction, not decreased satisfaction. Customer turnover is unlikely when relationships with customers
are maintained.
SOURCE: CR:030 Build and maintain relationships with customers
SOURCE: Dyson, J. (2019, April 30). The benefits of building long-term business relationships.
Retrieved August 6, 2021, from https://fjrgroup.com/insights/the-benefits-of-buildinglongterm-business-relationships/
14. D
Yes, because the salesperson does not have an opportunity to handle the complaint. Salespeople are
not able to satisfy customers who do not complain, because they do not express their dissatisfaction to
anyone associated with the business. They do, however, express ill feelings to friends, to relatives, and
to coworkers. In this way, they create a poor image of the business. Because of this, they are a much
bigger problem than complainers. Once salespeople know the source of customer complaints, they can
seek ways to satisfy the complainers within company guidelines.
SOURCE: CR:010 Handle customer/client complaints
SOURCE: Shulzhenko, M. (2017, November 1). 5 major reasons why unhappy customers don't
complain. Retrieved August 6, 2021, from https://www.providesupport.com/blog/5-reasonsunhappy-customers-dont-complain/
15. A
To lower costs. Consolidation is the merging of financial providers within the same institutional category.
For example, consolidation occurs when two banks merge to form one bank. By consolidating, the
financial firms can achieve economies of scale, which result in reduced redundancy and lower costs.
Consolidation can increase the assets (liquid capital) for all of the financial firms involved. Consolidation
can also provide consumers with a wider range of financial products. Consolidation may or may not lower
business risk.
SOURCE: FI:573 Discuss the nature of convergence/consolidation in the finance industry
SOURCE: Hartman, D. (2017, September 26). The advantages of bank mergers. Retrieved August 6,
2021, from https://pocketsense.com/the-advantages-of-bank-mergers-13657465.html

Test 1248

FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

13

16. A
Be open and transparent. When discussing your personal finances with a financial advisor, it's important
to be open and transparent so that the advisor can best meet your needs. If you lie about your debts,
exaggerate your income, or keep certain aspects of your finances secret, the financial advisor will not be
able to help you to the best of their ability.
SOURCE: CR:012 Explain the responsibilities of finance professionals in providing client services
SOURCE: WiserAdvisor. (2020, February 26). The need for honest conversation with your financial
advisor. Retrieved August 6, 2021, from https://www.wiseradvisor.com/blog/financial-advisorguide/need-for-honest-conversation-with-your-financial-advisor/
17. C
Interaction data. Customer Relationship Management (CRM) data warehouses typically contain several
types of data. Interaction data contain details regarding written and/or phone solicitations made to a
customer, visits that the customer made to the business, and instances when the customer contacted the
call center for assistance. Demographic data include gender, age, race, ethnicity, income level, and other
basic customer information. Self-provided data are pieces of information that the customer has voluntarily
shared with the business. Historical data include old sets of data reviewed and used for new purposes.
SOURCE: CR:024 Use Customer Relationship Management (CRM) technology
SOURCE: Borbas, M. (2015, August 17). What is customer analytics part 2: Sourcing customer
interaction data. Retrieved August 6, 2021, from https://www.inetco.com/blog/2015/08/whatis-customer-analytics-part-2-sourcing-customer-interaction-data/
18. C
Increased production. Environmental degradation occurs because of increased production. The more
goods that are being produced, the greater the chances are for pollution and loss of natural resources.
Offshoring is the practice of moving domestic jobs overseas. Nationalism is a sense of pride in one's own
country. Globalization causes increased competition, which leads to greater production and more
environmental degradation.
SOURCE: EC:104 Discuss the global environment in which businesses operate
SOURCE: LAP-EC-104—Stretch Your Boundaries (The Global Business Environment)
19. B
Operational. Operational risks are the possible events and situations that can result from employee
actions, core processes, and daily business activities. Unfortunately, people and processes aren't
perfect—as long as a business deals with people, it will always have some degree of operational risk.
Take Nadia's employee Roger, for example, whose human errors are considered operational risks.
Hazard risks are potential events or situations that can cause injury or harm to people, property, or the
environment. Most hazard risks can only cause business losses, not gains. Strategic risks are broad risks
that often concern the overall business environment. Financial risks are possible events or situations that
directly influence a company's cash flow.
SOURCE: EC:011 Determine factors affecting business risk
SOURCE: LAP-EC-003—Lose, Win, or Draw (Business Risk)
20. A
Lower interest rates. If the economy is sluggish, a central bank may lower interest rates in hopes of
encouraging spending and investing. In this situation, interest rates would not be doubled. Interest rates
are an important part of an economy and would not be eliminated or disregarded.
SOURCE: EC:084 Explain the economic impact of interest-rate fluctuations
SOURCE: Neugarten, J. (2019, March 14). Do lower interest rates increase investment spending?
Retrieved August 6, 2021, from https://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/101315/dolower-interest-rates-increase-investment-spending.asp
21. A
Strive to communicate clearly. Avoiding the use of slang is a way to communicate more clearly with those
from other cultures who might not understand the hidden meaning of the words. This is a communication
issue, not necessarily an issue of respect, patience, or expecting differences to arise.
SOURCE: EC:045 Discuss the impact of cultural and social environments on global trade
SOURCE: LAP-EC-045—On Top of the World (Impact of Culture on Global Trade)

Test 1248

FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

14

22. B
Net pay. The net pay is the amount of money Althea will actually receive after all her withholdings have
been taken out. This is the money that will be deposited in her bank account. The gross pay is the
amount she earns before her withholdings are taken out. Federal income tax and state tax are money
that Althea owes to the government.
SOURCE: FI:068 Interpret a pay stub
SOURCE: Taylor, K. (2021, March 31). How to make sense of your pay stub. Retrieved August 6, 2021,
from https://www.investopedia.com/how-to-read-your-paycheck-5094518
23. C
Her passport. When traveling to another country, it is important for Robyn to bring her passport as proof
of her identity and U.S. citizenship. She does not need to bring a bank statement, a recent utility bill, or
her Social Security card.
SOURCE: EC:141 Identify requirements for international business travel (e.g., passport, visa, proof of
citizenship, immunizations, and sponsorship letters)
SOURCE: U.S. Department of State. (2018, July 31). Traveler's checklist. Retrieved August 6, 2021,
from https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/international-travel/before-you-go/travelerschecklist.html
24. B
Identify one strength for every weakness. Although an important aspect of self-assessment is evaluating
your weaknesses, obsessing over them will only discourage you. If you identify one strength for every
weakness, you will have a more accurate, realistic assessment of yourself. Comparing yourself to others
and making false generalizations may also hinder your ability to accurately assess yourself. Asking
others for both positive and negative feedback is an important aspect of the self-assessment process, but
it is counterproductive to obsess over the negative feedback.
SOURCE: EI:002 Assess personal strengths and weaknesses
SOURCE: LAP-EI-902—Assess for Success (Assessing Personal Strengths and Weaknesses)
25. D
He might place a high value on social interaction. Your personality, temperament, and preferences can
impact your values. Alex's outgoing, talkative personality might encourage him to place a high value on
social interaction. There is no indication that Alex's values might not align with his behavior, that he might
place less emphasis on his values, or that he might have more confidence in his values.
SOURCE: EI:126 Assess personal behavior and values
SOURCE: LAP-EI-126—Assess Yourself (Assessing Your Personal Behavior and Values)
26. D
At a variety of pitches. In order to express interest and enthusiasm and to pass them along to your
listeners, you need to vary your tone of voice. This can be done by varying the pitch or the volume from
low to high. You can use inflection to put more emphasis on some words than on others.
SOURCE: EI:020 Demonstrate interest and enthusiasm
SOURCE: Papa, J. (2019, April 17). The pitch of your voice: Some tips to consider to make your story
more engaging. Retrieved August 6, 2021, from https://johnpapa.net/voice-pitch/
27. C
Additional work. Employees demonstrate initiative by looking for work that needs to be done—not just for
things that happen to be easy, pleasant, or enjoyable. In fact, such activities as reading may be met with
disapproval.
SOURCE: EI:024 Demonstrate initiative
SOURCE: LAP-EI-240—Hustle! (Taking Initiative at Work)

Test 1248

FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

15

28. B
Procrastination can make it difficult to manage commitments. Certain people are simply prone to
disorganization and procrastination—which doesn't bode well for managing commitments. If you cannot
keep track of your schedule, and you tend to put things off until the last minute, you'll have to develop
more discipline to balance all that you have to do. It is not true that only overcommitted people struggle to
manage commitments. Declining commitments does not necessarily mean you are a disorganized
person. It is also not necessarily true that perfectionists always have a reasonable number of
commitments.
SOURCE: EI:077 Manage commitments in a timely manner
SOURCE: LAP-EI-077—Commit to It! (Managing Commitments in a Timely Manner)
29. B
What he watched on TV last night. John spends a significant amount of time with his coworkers, so it's
normal for him to share some aspects of his life. But while it's appropriate to share some things, other
topics should always be off limits. What he watched on TV last night is a good topic for John to bring up,
as this is unlikely to offend anyone or violate any company policies. John should avoid discussing the
details of his divorce. If he talks about it too much, his coworkers may wonder if it's distracting him from
doing his job. John should avoid talking about his career aspirations because if he clearly wants another
position, it may make his coworkers think he isn't loyal to his current job. John should also avoid
discussing his religious beliefs. Religion is a sensitive subject that many people take very seriously, and
John risks offending someone.
SOURCE: EI:038 Explain ethical considerations in providing information
SOURCE: McKay, D.R. (2019, November 20). 6 topics to avoid discussing at work. Retrieved August 6,
2021, from https://www.thebalancecareers.com/topics-to-avoid-discussing-at-work-526267
30. B
External conflict. An external conflict occurs with one other person or with a group of people. When you
have conflicting thoughts or ideas within yourself, it's an internal conflict. A labor dispute usually refers to
a disagreement between a labor union and management. Irreconcilable dispute is not a commonly used
phrase to describe conflict, but it indicates that a disagreement cannot be resolved. The department has
to allocate its budget, so a disagreement about how to do so cannot be irreconcilable.
SOURCE: EI:015 Use conflict-resolution skill
SOURCE: LAP-EI-007—Stop the Madness (Conflict Resolution in Business)
31. A
Accountability. Ethical principles are standards that govern behavior and help people determine what is
right and wrong. Accountability, which is accepting responsibility for your decisions and actions, is an
ethical trait. Intelligence, humor, and charisma are characteristics, but they are not necessarily related to
ethics.
SOURCE: EI:132 Model ethical behavior
SOURCE: LAP-EI-132—Practice What You Preach (Modeling Ethical Behavior)
32. B
Willing to leave your comfort zone. Adaptability is the ability to adjust or modify attitudes and/or behavior
to new situations or circumstances. When you are willing to leave your comfort zone, you are accepting
new ideas, challenges, and ways to do things. In other words, you are willing to modify your behavior to
new situations—you are being adaptable. Being content with the way things are can be a barrier to
adaptability. Being adaptable involves risk; however, it does not always involve taking on high levels of or
unnecessary risks. Adaptability involves adjusting to positive and negative circumstances when they
occur. Although you may not be happy or pleased about the changes, you can control the way you react.
SOURCE: EI:006 Demonstrate adaptability
SOURCE: LAP-EI-023—Go With the Flow (Demonstrating Adaptability)

Test 1248

FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

16

33. C
Employees who are overburdened are unlikely to stay with the company. It can be tempting for
entrepreneurs to "sugarcoat" the amount of time and effort that will be needed from employees—but this
approach is destined to backfire. Employees who are hired under the impression that they will only work
20 hours per week, for example, will certainly not appreciate it when they are told they actually need to
work 30 or 40, especially if their compensation doesn't increase accordingly. If workers are consistently
overburdened, they are unlikely to stay with the company for very long—and will probably resent the
company's management in the meantime. Entrepreneurs shouldn't discriminate against people with busy
personal lives when hiring employees. Many people are able to effectively balance active personal and
professional lives. Being honest is important so that employees know what to expect at work. The
primary purpose of honesty in the employee search is not to "weed out" people who are not dedicated to
the job—it's to provide transparency for all prospective workers. It is legal for employees to work more
than 40 hours per week.
SOURCE: EN:044 Describe the use of business ethics in entrepreneurship
SOURCE: LAP-EN-044—Ethical Excellence (Ethics in Entrepreneurship)
34. C
Make a list of her goals. The first step to achieving financial goals is identifying the goals and making a
list. Prioritizing financial goals comes after making a list of goals. After listing her goals and organizing
them by importance, Scarlet will want to evaluate her budget and automate as many payments as
possible.
SOURCE: FI:065 Set financial goals
SOURCE: Money Management International. (2021). How to set and keep personal financial goals.
Retrieved August 6, 2021, from https://www.moneymanagement.org/creditcounseling/resources/how-to-set-and-keep-personal-financial-goals
35. A
Investing. Using money to make money is called investing. Saving is setting aside part of your current
income for future use. Rationing is a function of relative prices that determines who gets the goods and
services produced—it is determining how scarce resources will be distributed. Reimbursing involves
paying back or refunding money that someone has spent.
SOURCE: FI:270 Explain the need to save and invest
SOURCE: Hall, J. (2021, July 27). What to invest in. Retrieved August 6, 2021, from
https://www.fool.com/investing/how-to-invest/what-to-invest-in/
36. D
Student loan debt. A liability is a debt or payment that you owe to someone else. Examples of liabilities
include loans (student loans, mortgages, car loans, etc.) and credit card debt. Stocks, life insurance
policies, and personal valuables are all considered Melanie's assets—things that are of value that she
owns.
SOURCE: FI:562 Determine personal net worth
SOURCE: Schwab MoneyWise. (2021). Your personal net worth. Retrieved August 6, 2021, from
https://www.schwabmoneywise.com/public/moneywise/essentials/personal_net_worth
37. B
It is a sign of respect that can improve relations among businesspeople of different cultures.
Understanding cultural differences is crucial to success in international business. When a
businessperson adapts their behavior to fit the cultural norms of the host country, they are showing
respect for that culture. This is likely to lead to positive relations among businesspeople, increasing the
likelihood of a business partnership. Adapting behavior to another culture does not mean that a person
does not care about their own native culture. It is also not a display of authority, but a display of courtesy.
Adapting behavior to another culture does not prove a businessperson's intelligence or mean that they
should automatically be trusted with important sales.
SOURCE: EC:110 Explain cultural considerations that impact global business relations
SOURCE: Brown, J.M. (2019, March 11). How can cultural differences affect business communication?
Retrieved August 6, 2021, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/can-cultural-differencesaffect-business-communication-5093.html

Test 1248

FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

17

38. A
Making payments on behalf of savers to creditors. Deposit-taking institutions commonly accept deposits
(funds) from savers and use those deposits to make payments on behalf of savers to individuals, firms,
and creditors to whom the savers owe money. Deposit-taking institutions, which include commercial
banks, credit unions, savings and loan associations, trust companies, and mortgage companies, also use
those deposits to offer loans to borrowers. Investment banks, which are investment institutions, raise
funds for clients by issuing securities. Government and semi-government financial institutions carry out
regulatory and supervisory functions. They also increase the funds available to investors, manage risk,
and assume risk. Insurance companies, which are categorized as finance and insurance institutions, use
funds from premiums to offer loans. They also manage and pool individuals' risk, invest funds to raise
more capital, and create investment products.
SOURCE: FI:336 Describe the role of financial institutions
SOURCE: Schaut, S. (2020, November 18). What is a creditor? Retrieved August 6, 2021, from
https://www.creditkarma.com/personal-loans/i/what-is-creditor
39. A
To trade currency. There are many types of currencies in the world—the yen (Japan), the U.S. dollar
(United States), the Euro (European Union), the Peso (Mexico), etc. Each currency's value fluctuates.
The foreign exchange market trades one currency for another currency and determines each currency's
conversion rate into other currencies. Stock exchanges buy and sell stocks. The bond market buys and
sells bonds or other debt securities. Insurance companies underwrite insurance policies.
SOURCE: FI:337 Explain types of financial markets (e.g., money market, capital market, insurance
market, commodities markets, etc.)
SOURCE: Ganti, A. (2020, November 8). Foreign exchange market. Retrieved August 6, 2021, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/forex/f/foreign-exchange-markets.asp
40. A
Be honest, open, and trustworthy. While it is important for finance professionals to help their clients
manage their finances and grow their wealth, it is also important that they earn their clients' trust. Finance
professionals earn their clients' trust by behaving ethically and being honest and open. By doing so,
finance professionals are more likely to build long-term relationships with their clients. Finance
professionals must help clients set financial goals with which the clients are comfortable—some clients
can or want to make risky investments, while others take a more conservative approach. Earning trust
and helping clients meet their financial goals also involve ongoing, consistent, and frequent
communication with clients. Requiring clients to sign a short-term contract will not always help finance
professionals build long-term relationships with their clients.
SOURCE: CR:012 Explain the responsibilities of finance professionals in providing client services
SOURCE: BlueShore Financial. (2021). Ten traits of successful financial advisors. Retrieved August 6,
2021, from
https://www.blueshorefinancial.com/ToolsAdvice/Articles/FinancialPlanning/TenTraitsOfSucc
essfulFinancialAdvisors/
41. B
Leading. Stock market returns are commonly considered to be leading economic indicators because they
often decline in advance of an economic decline and improve prior to positive movement in the overall
economy. Lagging economic indicators such as the unemployment rate do not change direction until after
the general economy improves or declines. Coincident economic indicators move simultaneously with the
overall economy. Exploratory economic indicators are fictitious.
SOURCE: FI:574 Describe the relationship between economic conditions and financial markets
SOURCE: Moffatt, M. (2018, February 19). A beginner's guide to economic indicators. Retrieved August
6, 2021, from https://www.thoughtco.com/beginners-guide-to-economic-indicators-1145901

Test 1248

FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

18

42. A
Fixed; floating. To enable capital to flow more freely internationally, countries around the world have
reduced or eliminated many regulations and restrictions. For example, many developed countries shifted
their exchange rates from being fixed to floating. Fixed exchange rates are set by the government, while
floating exchange rates are determined by market supply and demand for currency. Although fixed
exchange rates are still popular in some parts of the world, most developed countries have floating
exchange rates. A pegged exchange rate is a fixed exchange rate. Declining exchange rates have not
significantly contributed to financial globalization.
SOURCE: FI:575 Explain the nature and scope of financial globalization
SOURCE: Wise. (2017, May 15). Explaining the difference between fixed and floating exchange rates.
Retrieved August 6, 2021, from https://wise.com/gb/blog/fixed-floating-exchange-ratedifference
43. A
Marginal. Business decision makers often compare marginal cost against marginal revenue to determine
the profitability of increased production. A sunk cost is a cost that cannot be recovered or changed, so it
is typically irrelevant to any future business activities. Fixed cost and average cost are irrelevant to
increased-production decisions because they are based on costs that occur regardless of production
levels.
SOURCE: FI:659 Describe marginal analysis techniques and applications
SOURCE: Corporate Finance Institute. (2021). Marginal cost formula. Retrieved August 6, 2021, from
https://corporatefinanceinstitute.com/resources/knowledge/accounting/marginal-cost-formula/
44. D
Retail bank. Retail banks offer a variety of services for consumers including checking and savings
accounts, credit cards, and automobile loans. An investment bank is a financial intermediary that
underwrites securities and facilitates mergers. Mortgage companies process loans specifically designed
for the purchase of real estate—land, residences, and other types of buildings. Financial holding
companies own one or more commercial banks and/or investment banks.
SOURCE: FI:075 Describe types of financial-services providers
SOURCE: Majaski, C. (2021, April 30). Retail banking vs. corporate banking: What's the difference?
Retrieved August 6, 2021, from https://www.investopedia.com/articles/general/071213/retailbanking-vs-commercial-banking.asp
45. A
Balance sheet. The balance sheet gives a summary of a company's financial health at a specific point in
time. It contains two major sections: a listing of the company's assets and a listing of its liabilities. The
liabilities section also indicates the shareholders' equity, which is the value of all the outstanding stock
owned by shareholders. Shareholders' equity is determined by subtracting the liabilities from the assets.
The income statement, also known as the profit-and-loss statement, shows a company's profitability over
a specific period of time. The cash flow statement tracks the money that comes into and flows out of a
company. An annual report is not a type of financial statement, but it does contain financial statements,
along with a good deal of other information about the company.
SOURCE: FI:274 Describe sources of securities information
SOURCE: Fernando, J. (2021, February 4). Balance sheet. Retrieved August 6, 2021, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/b/balancesheet.asp
46. B
Securities tables. Securities tables, often referred to as stock tables or financial tables, are filled with
information about the status of different securities. Numbers on securities tables include the 52-week
high and low, dividends, volume, yield, P/E ratio, the previous day's ending price, and the net change. By
monitoring these numbers, investors can assess the overall health of their investment portfolios over
time. Investors do not typically consult financial almanacs, foreign news reports, or investment guides to
monitor the success of their investment portfolios.
SOURCE: FI:275 Interpret securities table
SOURCE: Dummies. (2021). How to read a stock table. Retrieved August 6, 2021, from
https://www.dummies.com/personal-finance/investing/how-to-read-a-stock-table/

Test 1248

FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

19

47. D
If it is a good time to buy or sell. The 52-week high and low represent the lowest and highest price at
which a stock has been traded during a year's time. It can tell investors whether the current price is a
good one at which to sell or buy based on its history. The 52-week high and low do not tell investors how
many times a stock has been sold, whether to invest in a stock or a mutual fund, or if the company has a
lot of debt.
SOURCE: FI:275 Interpret securities table
SOURCE: Chen, J. (2020, March 28). 52-week high/low. Retrieved August 6, 2021, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/1/52weekhighlow.asp
48. D
Reinvest their retained earnings. Retained earnings are the income the business keeps after dividends
are paid. Businesses report their retained earnings on the statement of equity, which is also called the
statement of retained earnings. The statement of equity shows how much money the business has at the
end of an accounting period. This knowledge enables the business to make decisions about how to use
the money, which may include remodeling facilities, buying new computer equipment, hiring staff, or
developing new products. The statement of equity will not help the business make decisions about how
to analyze financial trends, control its production costs, or organize income statements.
SOURCE: FI:630 Explain the nature of statements of changes in equity
SOURCE: Carlson, R. (2021, April 15). How to prepare a statement of retained earnings. Retrieved
August 6, 2021, from https://www.thebalancesmb.com/statement-of-retained-earnings393591
49. B
The colleagues involved. When a financial professional is aware that an unethical action is occurring, the
first party they should talk to is the person or people involved directly. Angelica should have a
conversation with her colleagues to help clarify the details of the situation and make sure that the other
parties are aware of her concerns. She should do this before talking to her supervisor to give her
colleagues a chance to explain and to make sure she fully understands the situation. She should also not
go directly to top company executives or the authorities without first gaining an understanding of the
situation and going through the appropriate chain of command.
SOURCE: FI:355 Discuss the role of ethics in finance
SOURCE: LAP-FI-355—Money Morals (The Role of Ethics in Finance)
50. A
Opportunity costs. Opportunity costs usually require the analysis of qualitative information such as a
supplier's reputation for quality or service that can make an impact on the business versus numerical
data. A sunk cost is a cost that has already been incurred and cannot be recovered. Direct costs and
indirect costs are typically numerical data such as price of materials, labor, and overhead.
SOURCE: FI:658 Describe types of costs used in managerial accounting (e.g., direct cost, indirect cost,
sunk cost, differential cost, etc.)
SOURCE: Fernando, J. (2020, December 27). Opportunity cost. Retrieved August 6, 2021, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/o/opportunitycost.asp
51. B
A marginal revenue equal to or greater than marginal cost. Marginal analysis, which involves determining
whether the marginal revenue of a business activity will be equal to or greater than marginal cost or
expense, is used to identify profitable options for an organization. If marginal cost is greater than
marginal revenue, the activity is not likely to be profitable and should not be pursued. Net revenue cannot
be determined until all transactions are measured and accounted for, so it cannot be used to analyze
future business activities.
SOURCE: FI:659 Describe marginal analysis techniques and applications
SOURCE: Ross, S. (2021, August 1). How marginal analysis helps in managerial decisions. Retrieved
August 6, 2021, from https://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/042315/how-marginalanalysis-used-making-managerial-decision.asp

Test 1248

FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

20

52. B
Business cycle risks. By investing their funds in many different countries, investors are able to diversify
their risk and reduce their exposure to business cycle risks. However, financial globalization seems to
increase the risks of “speculative bubbles” and “herd behavior” of investors. Liberalization is the removal
of government regulations on the flow of capital and international trade. Many countries around the world
have reduced or eliminated limits on foreigners' access to their financial markets. Capital appreciation
occurs when stock that a person owns becomes worth more than what the person paid for it. Capital
appreciation is a positive aspect of investing, not something to avoid.
SOURCE: FI:575 Explain the nature and scope of financial globalization
SOURCE: Hall, M. (2018, January 12). Globalization and international investment. Retrieved August 6,
2021, from https://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/022615/what-effect-has-globalizationhad-international-investments.asp
53. B
Classification by controllability. Classification by controllability, which is based on a manager's control
over particular costs, helps an organization determine how well its managers handle costs that they
personally impact. Classification by function, which identifies costs as product costs or period costs, is
not necessarily linked to specific managers. Classification by behavior refers to whether a cost is fixed or
variable within an organization. Classification by relevance determines whether a cost is a sunk cost or
an out-of-pocket cost within an organization.
SOURCE: FI:660 Explain the nature of managerial accounting
SOURCE: Tamplin, T. (2021, August 10). Classification of cost. Retrieved August 11, 2021, from
https://learn.financestrategists.com/explanation/cost-accounting/analysis-ofcost/classification-of-cost/
54. C
Maintain budgetary control. Variance analysis is a technique used in managerial accounting to determine
the difference between planned and actual results. Businesses use budgets to maintain control over
costs. Variance analysis makes sure the company is following the budget. Variance analysis does not
necessarily help a business make choices between two alternatives, compare itself with competitors, or
predict future trends.
SOURCE: FI:661 Discuss the use of variance analysis in managerial accounting
SOURCE: AccountingTools. (2021, June 16). Variance analysis definition. Retrieved August 6, 2021,
from https://www.accountingtools.com/articles/what-is-variance-analysis.html
55. B
Plan her vacation time wisely to make sure she isn't absent at crucial times. It's hard to be a good
employee if you're not at work. Monica should be sure to plan her vacation time wisely so she isn't gone
at crucial times for her work team. It's important to be at work, but coming in when she's sick or has an
emergency isn't always a good idea for Monica. Monica shouldn't be late; even 10 minutes a day can add
up quickly. Even if Monica works hard, it's still important for her to be present at work when she's
scheduled to be there.
SOURCE: MK:015 Discuss actions employees can take to achieve the company's desired results
SOURCE: LAP-MK-015—Act Now! (Employee Actions and Company Goals)
56. B
Controlling finances. Budgets are financial plans that are used to project revenue and expenses. The aim
of budgets is to control finances. Determining cash flow, understanding profitability, and analyzing
sources of income are not functions of cost accounting budgets.
SOURCE: FI:662 Discuss the nature of cost accounting budgets
SOURCE: Boyd, K. (2021). Cost accounting: Budgeting basics. Retrieved August 6, 2021, from
https://www.dummies.com/business/accounting/cost-accounting-budgeting-basics/

Test 1248

FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

21

57. A
Using company resources wisely. Ethical behavior at work means doing the right thing and following
ethical principles. This includes using company resources wisely. Praising your friends is not necessarily
an example of ethics in business; rather, it is related to ethics in your personal life. Asking for a raise and
striving for a promotion are often appropriate actions to take in the workplace, but they are not
necessarily related to ethics.
SOURCE: RM:041 Explain the role of ethics in risk management
SOURCE: LAP-RM-041—Manage Risk the Right Way (Ethics in Risk Management)
58. B
$29,770. To determine how much your investments will be worth in five years, calculate the future values
of the investments. The formula used to find the future value of money is Future Value = Present Value X
(1 + Interest Rate)Number of Years. So, the future value of your first investment is equal to $5,000 X (1 +
0.06)5. To solve this equation, first add one to the interest rate (1+ 0.06 = 1.06). Next, raise this sum to
the fifth power, which is the same as multiplying the sum by itself five times (1.065 = 1.06 X 1.06 X 1.06 X
1.06 X 1.06 = 1.3382). Finally, multiply this product by the original amount of the first investment to find
its future value ($5,000 X 1.3382 = $6,691). Next, repeat the process for the second investment. Its
future value is equal to $15,000 X (1 + 0.09)5. First, add one to the interest rate (1+ 0.09 = 1.09). Then,
raise this sum to the fifth power, which is the same as multiplying the sum by itself five times (1.09 5 =
1.09 X 1.09 X 1.09 X 1.09 X 1.09 = 1.5386). Next, multiply this product by the original amount of the
second investment to find its future value ($15,000 X 1.5386 = $23,079). Finally, add together the future
values of the two investments to determine how much money you will have in five years ($6,691 +
$23,079 = $29,770).
SOURCE: FI:238 Calculate the time value of money
SOURCE: Carlson, R. (2020, September 29). How to calculate the future value of an investment.
Retrieved August 6, 2021, from https://www.thebalancesmb.com/how-to-calculate-the-futurevalue-of-an-investment-393391
59. D
Report financial transactions. Financial-information management is the ongoing process of gathering,
maintaining, and storing financial data. Businesses use financial data to develop reports that aid the
business decision-making process and meet compliance requirements. An important aspect of financialinformation management is maintaining data about financial transactions such as accounts receivable
(e.g., customer sales transactions) and accounts payable (monetary outflows). The business's buyers
negotiate contracts with vendors. Buyers may or may not use financial information as leverage during the
negotiation process with vendors. The product/service management function of the business focuses on
new product development. The selling function of the business implements sales policies.
SOURCE: FM:002 Explain the nature and scope of the financial-information management function
SOURCE: Gartenstein, D. (2018, April 5). Why is financial management so important in business?
Retrieved August 6, 2021, from https://yourbusiness.azcentral.com/financial-managementimportant-business-4406.html
60. D
Internal control mechanisms. Internal control mechanisms involved in corporate governance include
oversight of management, independent internal audits, and the segregation of duties. Internal control
mechanisms are designed to ensure smooth day-to-day operations, clarify the chain of command, and
measure organizational performance. These are not goals of external control mechanisms, which
generally seek to manage debt, comply with legal regulations, and handle other issues outside the
company.
SOURCE: PD:214 Describe the components of a well-governed company
SOURCE: Davoren, J. (2021). Three types of corporate governance mechanisms. Retrieved August 6,
2021, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/three-types-corporate-governance-mechanisms66711.html

Test 1248

FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

22

61. A
Determine the project’s purpose and scope. The first step in the project-planning process is to determine
the project’s purpose and scope. These two components are the foundation for the entire project.
Determining project costs, identifying needed resources, and identifying project deliverables are all steps
that come later in the project-planning process.
SOURCE: OP:001 Develop project plan
SOURCE: LAP-OP-001—Chart Your Course (Developing a Project Plan)
62. D
Master budget. The overall budget of a company is called the master budget and is made up of
information from specialized budgets that are generated by individual departments. A master budget can
also be referred to as a fixed budget or a static budget because it does not change. In other words,
managers use it as a guideline, but they don't adjust it as the period goes on. A rolling budget, on the
other hand, is constantly being updated so that the company always has a short-term budget on hand if
needed. Similarly, a dynamic budget can be adjusted with changes in activity and is used to compare to
the fixed budget to see how the company is doing. An operating budget, sometimes called a short-term
budget, serves as a financial blueprint for the company, usually for a period of one year. It's a go-to
budget that managers can consult and adjust regularly. Short-term budgets show whether a company is
on track financially and help give managers a level of financial control.
SOURCE: FM:013 Demonstrate budgeting applications
SOURCE: AccountingTools. (2021, June 28). Master budget definition. Retrieved August 6, 2021, from
https://www.accountingtools.com/articles/2017/5/14/master-budget
63. D
Compare its performance with other companies in the industry. A benchmark is something that provides
a basis for comparison or evaluation. There are many financial-analysis software applications that can
provide a business with benchmarking information so it can compare its financial performance with other
specific companies in its industry or with industry standards. If a company is performing below a
benchmark, the business can determine and implement actions that will help it perform better. A liquidity
index ratio measures the amount of time that a business needs to convert assets into cash. Businesses
do not use benchmarking applications to calculate dividends or to determine the taxes that they owe.
SOURCE: FM:014 Demonstrate financial analysis applications
SOURCE: CAST. (n.d.). Application benchmarking software: The basis for improvement. Retrieved
August 6, 2021, from https://www.castsoftware.com/glossary/application-benchmarking
64. A
Lean; Six Sigma. Lean and Six Sigma are both quality control methodologies that focus on maximizing
customer value while minimizing waste. The key difference between the two methods is where waste is
believed to come from. In Lean methodology, waste is believed to arise from unnecessary steps in the
production process. In Six Sigma methodology, waste is believed to arise from variations within the
production process. In this example, Reinhardt Manufacturing is practicing Lean methodology, while
Burke Manufacturing is practicing Six Sigma methodology. Sustainability is a primary goal of both Lean
and Six Sigma; however, there is no methodology called "Sustainability."
SOURCE: FM:016 Discuss non-traditional uses for financial information (e.g., lean, sustainability
reporting, activity-based costing [ABC], six sigma)
SOURCE: Villanova University. (2020, March 25). Six Sigma vs. Lean Six Sigma. Retrieved August 6,
2021, from https://www.villanovau.com/resources/six-sigma/six-sigma-vs-lean-sixsigma/#.W9cpa2hKhPY

Test 1248

FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

23

65. D
Offer credit. Before offering credit to a prospective customer, a business needs to analyze the customer's
financial status to determine if the customer has the money available to make payments on time and in
the full amount of the agreement. Businesses review a customer's income, assets, debt ratio, credit
history, etc., to determine if they are creditworthy. If the customer carries a high level of debt in relation to
their assets, it would be too risky for the business to offer credit because the customer is more likely to
become delinquent. Businesses include interest charges in their credit agreements because they need to
recoup the costs associated with offering credit. Businesses receive money at the point of purchase or
time of service for cash sales, so this option is not a reason for examining a customer's income. One
customer's income level is not a factor that prompts a business to restructure its business policies.
SOURCE: FM:009 Describe techniques used to analyze customer financial information
SOURCE: QuickBooks. (2021, March 3). How to offer customer credit: Credit policy guide for
businesses. Retrieved August 6, 2021, from https://quickbooks.intuit.com/r/gettingpaid/customer-credit-policy/
66. A
Comparing profit ratios by region. Customer financial information can be useful in business decisionmaking when it is analyzed. One example of a technique that a business could use would be comparing
profit ratios among different regions. This could tell the business which market segments are most
profitable, which could inform future decisions. Tracking average product shipping delays, determining
who exceeded sales quotas, and discovering which products sold the most are not examples of
techniques used to analyze customer financial information.
SOURCE: FM:009 Describe techniques used to analyze customer financial information
SOURCE: Tableau. (2021). Analyze customer data to learn spending habits. Retrieved August 6, 2021,
from https://www.tableau.com/solutions/workbook/superstore-customer-analysis
67. A
Ensure adherence to an ethics code. Training and continuing education, rewarding ethical behavior,
leading by example, and maintaining an open door policy are all ways to ensure adherence to an ethics
code. These activities are not intended to reduce employee creativity, heighten conflict among
employees, or increase competition and mistrust.
SOURCE: HR:411 Explain the role of ethics in human resources management
SOURCE: LAP-HR-411—Moral Mediators (Ethics in Human Resources Management)
68. B
To evaluate performance. Standard cost systems are used to determine variances between forecasted
costs and actual costs, thereby evaluating a business's performance. The quality of manufacturing
processes can be evaluated, but standard cost systems do not establish quality standards. Industry
standards can be used to establish standard costs; however, standard cost systems do not set industry
standards. Unused inventory will be a consideration in determining the variances between forecasted and
actual costs; however, unused inventory is not returned on the basis of standard cost systems.
SOURCE: FI:662 Discuss the nature of cost accounting budgets
SOURCE: Tamplin, T. (2021, June 22). Standard costing. Retrieved August 6, 2021, from
https://learn.financestrategists.com/explanation/variance-analysis/standard-costing/
69. A
Operating systems. Operating systems organize and control the hardware and software in a computer.
All computers have operating systems, which include Microsoft Windows, Linux, and macOS. These are
not examples of computers, internet providers, or antivirus software.
SOURCE: NF:085 Use basic operating systems
SOURCE: GCFGlobal. (2021). Computer basics: Understanding operating systems. Retrieved August
16, 2021, from https://edu.gcfglobal.org/en/computerbasics/understanding-operatingsystems/1/

Test 1248

FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

24

70. B
Office Calendar 3 30 2021. Regardless of whether you use a PC or Mac computer, word-processing
programs typically refuse to let you use certain symbols in your file names. Top on this list of prohibited
characters are the following: \ / : * ? < > | . If you try to use any of those particular symbols in a file name,
you'll get a message that your file name is invalid, and you'll have to choose a new name for the file. Of
the list of file names provided, only "Office Calendar 3 30 2021" is acceptable because it is the only name
without any prohibited symbols.
SOURCE: NF:007 Demonstrate basic word processing skills
SOURCE: Smith, J. (2018, September 23). Project 2: Files & folders. Retrieved August 6, 2021, from
https://www.jegsworks.com/lessons/win/filesandfolders/index.html
71. C
Domain name. The domain name that Dmitri registers will be the unique address of his new website. A
web host allows a website owner to make their site accessible via the internet. A site builder is a program
that includes templates and software used to create the layout and design of a website. Web addresses
are usually picked based on a company name or other important identifier, rather than the company's
street address.
SOURCE: NF:042 Create and post basic web page
SOURCE: WPBeginner. (2021, March 26). Beginner's guide: What is a domain name and how do
domains work? Retrieved August 6, 2021, from https://www.wpbeginner.com/beginnersguide/beginners-guide-what-is-a-domain-name-and-how-do-domains-work/
72. A
Data normalization. Normalization is the process of efficiently organizing data in a database. There are
two goals of the normalization process: eliminating redundant data and ensuring that data is stored in
ways that make sense. By eliminating redundant data, Jonas is performing data normalization. Digital
analysis involves analyzing and interpreting data for patterns, consistencies, or discrepancies. Data
filtering involves refining data sets so that they can be more easily understood. Information scanning is
not a term typically used in the business world.
SOURCE: NF:124 Demonstrate advanced database applications
SOURCE: Chapple, M. (2020, April 12). Database normalization basics. Retrieved August 6, 2021, from
https://www.lifewire.com/database-normalization-basics-1019735
73. B
Use existing data to forecast what could happen in the future. Predictive analysis involves looking at
historical data and analyzing them to predict what is most likely to occur in the future. Predictive analysis
does not predict what could have happened if the past were different, hypothesize why the past
happened the way that it did, or verify that the descriptive analysis was accurate and legitimate.
SOURCE: NF:139 Explain the principles of data analysis
SOURCE: Halton, C. (2021, June 30). Predictive analytics. Retrieved August 6, 2021, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/p/predictive-analytics.asp
74. A
The information gathered during environmental scanning is dynamic. Businesses must keep in mind that
the information gathered during environmental scanning is dynamic—it changes all the time. Keeping
track of all these changes is why environmental scanning is so crucial to business success. Because the
environment is dynamic, scanning must be done continuously, not once or twice a year. On a certain
level, all employees should be involved in a business's environmental scanning efforts. Everyone should
be aware of the environment and how it affects the business as well as their particular job. Not all trends
identified through environmental scanning can be addressed immediately or all at once—the business
must prioritize these trends in its strategic planning.
SOURCE: NF:015 Conduct an environmental scan to obtain business information
SOURCE: LAP-NF-015—Get the 4-1-1 (Conducting an Environmental Scan)

Test 1248

FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

25

75. D
Material requirements planning (MRP). MRP software helps manufacturers streamline production efforts
and operate efficiently. The software has forecasting applications that help manufacturers determine the
quantities of and delivery systems for the raw materials that they need for production. Job sequencing
involves determining the order in which tasks must be carried out to complete a process or activity.
Reverse logistics occur when unwanted or undesirable goods are returned to a business for reuse,
recycling, or disposal. Critical path involves evaluating the sequence of steps to complete complex
project tasks and identifying alternative systems to use project resources in the most efficient manner.
SOURCE: OP:191 Describe the use of technology in operations
SOURCE: Kenton, W. (2021, July 21). Material requirements planning (MRP). Retrieved August 6,
2021, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/m/mrp.asp
76. B
Robbery. Robbery is theft that involves the use of force, violence, or fear. Businesses such as banks that
have large amounts of cash on hand are often common targets for robbery. Robbers generally approach
an employee who has access to the cash and force that person to empty the safe or cash drawer.
Pilferage is theft of small sums of money or inexpensive items. Fraud is deceiving or cheating an
individual or a business out of money or property. Shoplifting is theft of goods by customers.
SOURCE: OP:013 Explain routine security precautions
SOURCE: ARCA. (2021). Think like a thief: How to prevent robberies at your bank. Retrieved August 6,
2021, from https://arca.com/resources/blog/think-like-a-thief-how-to-prevent-robberies-atyour-bank
77. A
Encrypting computer files. Encryption is the process of transforming information into a secret code so that
only specified individuals can read it. By encrypting confidential computer files, the business protects the
information from unauthorized access by internal and external sources. For optimal protection from
computer viruses, businesses should conduct computer virus scans continuously rather than once a
year. Activities such as classifying information and developing internet message boards do not protect
the information from unauthorized users.
SOURCE: OP:153 Protect company information and intangibles
SOURCE: Gordon, W. (2018, May 4). How to securely store and share sensitive files. Retrieved August
6, 2021, from https://www.popsci.com/store-share-sensitive-files/
78. B
You might have to redo the project work. If your customers aren't happy with the end results, you might
need to redo the project work or complete another project to satisfy their needs. You do not necessarily
need to adjust the quality standards, start the planning process over, or find different customers.
SOURCE: OP:521 Evaluate project success
SOURCE: LAP-OP-521—Making the Grade (Evaluating Project Success)
79. A
Gaining a clear understanding of what is needed. The end result of identifying resources should be a
clear understanding of what is needed for the project to succeed. This will help you be ready for
unforeseen problems, although it won't eliminate them. Identifying project resources will not necessarily
help you become a better, more cooperative team member or help you become more independent.
SOURCE: OP:003 Identify resources needed for project
SOURCE: LAP-OP-531—Get What You Need (Identifying Project Resources)

Test 1248

FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

26

80. B
Passage of laws that recognize electronic documents as legally binding. As businesses have become
more comfortable with the use of electronic information, their willingness to accept electronic documents
as legally binding contracts has also increased. This has been buoyed by the passage of laws
recognizing electronic documents and signatures as legally binding. Electronic information exchange
procedures have not been removed. These procedures provide a way for people to exchange information
electronically. Security remains an issue for online financial-information management. Although
customers' right to privacy is an issue, it has not contributed to the increased use of online technology in
financial-information management.
SOURCE: FM:011 Describe the use of technology in the financial-information management function
SOURCE: Citrix. (2021). Are electronic signatures legally binding? Retrieved August 6, 2021, from
https://rightsignature.com/legality/are-electronic-signatures-legally-binding.html
81. C
Misplace important documents. Maintaining files in a systematic way helps you keep reports, forms,
notes, and other documents in a particular location. By keeping files and documents in a specfic order,
you are less likely to misplace important information. It also enables you to quickly access the documents
when needed because they are always in the same place. To maintain an organized workspace, you
should periodically discard papers that you don't need anymore. Maintaining an organized workspace
does not prevent the misuse of office equipment. Forgetting or remembering phone numbers is a
cognitive ability and is not directly impacted by how well your workspace is organized.
SOURCE: PD:009 Demonstrate systematic behavior
SOURCE: Malugani, M. (2021). Five tips to get organized at work. Retrieved August 6, 2021, from
https://www.monster.com/career-advice/article/get-organized-at-work
82. D
Verbal aptitude. Verbal aptitude is the ability to use words effectively. It is an important skill for individuals
in most types of careers. Nonverbal skills involve using body language to communicate. Emotional traits
are personal traits involving attitudes, feelings, values, temperament, etc. Physical coordination is the
ability to use one's muscles effectively.
SOURCE: PD:013 Assess personal interests and skills needed for success in business
SOURCE: WorkplaceTesting. (2018, June 14). What does verbal aptitude mean? Retrieved August 6,
2020, from https://www.workplacetesting.com/definition/4128/verbal-aptitude
83. C
Skills are learned through training, and traits are repeated behaviors that become a part of the
personality. Skills are defined as abilities that a person acquires through education, training, and practice.
Traits are repeated behaviors that become a part of the person over time. Skill levels and the degree of
difficulty to obtain a skill vary by individual. Personality traits (behaviors) and skills can be improved,
changed, or enhanced. Since personality traits are repeated behaviors, the behaviors are not constantly
changing.
SOURCE: PD:066 Explain career opportunities in entrepreneurship
SOURCE: LAP-PD-066—Own Your Own (Career Opportunities in Entrepreneurship)
84. A
Private employment agency. Private employment agencies match professional businesspeople with
companies that are looking for workers who possess specific qualifications or expertise. The agencies
often specialize in a specific field, such as computer programming. Private employment agencies charge
fees for their placements. Payment arrangements vary, but often the employer pays a fee based on a
percentage of the new hire's salary. The example does not describe an academic counseling center,
which is located at high school or college. The example does not describe a government job placement
office, which is a government agency. There is not enough information provided to determine if the
employment agency is an online business.
SOURCE: PD:026 Utilize job-search strategies
SOURCE: 4 Corner Resources. (2020, May 19). How does an employment agency work? Retrieved
August 6, 2021, from https://www.4cornerresources.com/blog/how-does-an-employmentagency-work/

Test 1248

FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

27

85. D
Credit analyst. Credit analysts research and confirm loan applicants' employment, income, and credit
history to ensure that the bank has the correct information. It is important to verify the accuracy of the
loan applicants' information to reduce risks associated with loan defaults. This information helps credit
analysts like Lynette determine if the bank should lend funds to customers. The collections function
involves collecting past due payments from customers. A chartered financial consultant is a licensed
financial advisor with special certification in retirement and estate planning. A bank agent or agent bank
is an intermediary in the banking industry.
SOURCE: PD:152 Discuss employment opportunities in the finance industry
SOURCE: LAP-PD-152—Career Opportunities in Finance
86. A
Beneficial for all stakeholders. Corporate governance refers to the way an organization is managed at the
highest level. Well-executed corporate governance has many benefits, including corporate success and
economic growth, investor confidence, and positive brand development. Good corporate governance also
ensures that an organization is managed in a way that is most beneficial and least detrimental for
everyone—employees, management, shareholders, as well as the general public—not most helpful for
company leaders, detrimental for competitors, or irrelevant to the public eye.
SOURCE: PD:213 Discuss the importance of corporate governance in business
SOURCE: Management Study Guide. (2021). Corporate governance—Definition, scope and benefits.
Retrieved August 6, 2021, from https://www.managementstudyguide.com/corporategovernance.htm
87. D
Allocating funds for the objectives in the budget. For an organization to meet its governance objectives,
all members must be working toward them. An accountant can contribute to this process by
understanding governance objectives and accounting for them in the budget. An accountant does not
necessarily work to minimize risks associated with objectives or ensure strong community relations.
Accountants may determine whether profit margins are shrinking, but this does not necessarily relate to
governance objectives.
SOURCE: PD:301 Ascertain employee's role in achieving governance objectives
SOURCE: Safetrac. (2019). How to achieve good corporate governance. Retrieved August 6, 2021,
from https://www.safetrac.com.au/achieving-good-corporate-governance/
88. D
More attractive to investors and customers. When a company is publicly clear and ethical about its
financial-information management tactics, it appears more trustworthy to investors and customers.
Although ethical practices can minimize the risk of security breaches, they cannot fully prevent all
possibility of them occurring. Ethical financial-information management practices should reduce volatility
in financial markets rather than increase it. Finally, ethical financial-information management should
make a company less susceptible to regulatory investigation because there will not be unethical practices
that need to be scrutinized.
SOURCE: FM:003 Explain the role of ethics in financial-information management
SOURCE: Carty, S.L. (2021). What are the advantages of financial accounting ethics? Retrieved
August 6, 2021, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/advantages-financial-accountingethics-32960.html
89. B
Stockholders. Stockholders are the owners of a corporation. Therefore, their interests are an important
factor in corporate governance. Managers, CEOs, and lower-level employees are not considered the
owner(s) of a corporation.
SOURCE: PD:302 Identify the factors that impact governance structures
SOURCE: Masters, T. (2021). Who legally owns a corporation? Retrieved August 6, 2021, from
https://smallbusiness.chron.com/legally-owns-corporation-54930.html

Test 1248

FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

28

90. D
Infographics raise the perception of quality. A well-designed, sophisticated visual image such as an
infographic raises the reader's perception of quality and is therefore more likely to persuade readers. The
length of time needed to create original artwork has no impact on the viewer. If people are lazy and don't
like to read, they aren't likely to be persuaded by an infographic. The quality of the infographic, rather
than the time spent viewing it, is more likely to persuade readers.
SOURCE: CO:204 Use data visualization techniques (e.g., infographics, heat-maps, dynamic model
outputs)
SOURCE: Nediger, M. (2020, June 25). What is an infographic? Examples, templates & design tips.
Retrieved August 6, 2021, from https://venngage.com/blog/what-is-an-infographic/
91. D
National Bankers Association. When finance professionals actively participate in finance-related
professional organizations, they can network and build relationships with others who work in their field.
The local chamber of commerce, a college alumni group, and the Young Professionals Association have
group members from fields other than finance.
SOURCE: PD:153 Discuss opportunities for building professional relationships in finance
SOURCE: Indeed. (2021, March 15). Professional networking: What is it and how to master it.
Retrieved August 6, 2021, from https://www.indeed.com/career-advice/careerdevelopment/professional-networking
92. B
Consistent communication. Networking helps finance professionals build relationships with others who
work in the same or related fields. These contacts often lead to new job opportunities and client referrals.
Joining college alumni groups, social and civic organizations, and professional associations are common
ways to network with others. The key to building long-term relationships with others is engaging in
consistent, ongoing communication—getting to know the other person. By doing so, finance
professionals build rapport with others and earn their trust. Formal contracts and a detached or indifferent
attitude will not foster positive professional relationships. To join, many trade organizations require their
members to work in the trade or industry.
SOURCE: PD:153 Discuss opportunities for building professional relationships in finance
SOURCE: Hoban, S. (2021). Building business relationships. Retrieved August 6, 2021, from
https://www.ccim.com/cire-magazine/articles/building-business-relationships/?gmSsoPc=1
93. D
Reinforce company values. A company's policies and procedures essentially lay out what is most
important to the organization, helping employees and customers better understand the company's
mission, vision, and values. Protocols, policies, and procedures do not allow companies to break the law;
rather, they ensure compliance with laws and regulations. Company guidelines do not necessarily foster
a competitive environment or result in decreased employee morale.
SOURCE: PD:250 Adhere to company protocols and policies
SOURCE: LAP-PD-250—Do You Follow? (Adhering to Company Protocols and Policies)
94. C
Hiring a family member who lacks necessary job skills. Nepotism is the practice of hiring employees on
the basis of the relationship between the new hire and an employee. Hiring a family member who doesn't
possess the skills to perform the job is an example of nepotism. When the family member does not have
the appropriate skills to perform the job, it presents an ethical issue (favoritism) and can increase the
business's financial risk. The business is paying someone who cannot perform the work efficiently, which
means the business isn't getting the most for its payroll dollars. In addition, if the new hire does not have
the skills to run equipment safely, they are more likely to break equipment or cause injury. As long as the
activities are legal and do not harm others, communicating business information to customers,
developing processes to test product durability, and striving to achieve higher sales than coworkers are
ethical actions.
SOURCE: RM:041 Explain the role of ethics in risk management
SOURCE: GAN Integrity. (2021). Nepotism. Retrieved August 6, 2021, from
https://www.ganintegrity.com/compliance-glossary/nepotism/

Test 1248

FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

29

95. D
Allocation. Cost allocation is the assignment of costs to cost objects, such as a project, a department, a
customer, etc. The company in this example allocates the cost of its new software system to two
departments. This is not considered cost accumulation, dividing, or precision.
SOURCE: FI:663 Discuss the nature of cost allocation
SOURCE: Averkamp, H. (2021). What is cost allocation? Retrieved August 6, 2021, from
https://www.accountingcoach.com/blog/what-is-cost-allocation
96. B
Security. Risk management is a business activity that involves the planning, controlling, preventing, and
procedures to limit business losses. Businesses use technology to minimize security risks. One way that
businesses control security risks is by installing firewalls on computer networks to prevent computer
hackers from obtaining confidential financial data (e.g., customers' credit card numbers). Another way
that businesses control security risk is by limiting employees' access to certain financial information,
which often involves the use of passwords and security codes. Purchasing is the function of acquiring
goods and services for use in the business or for resale. Overhead is business expenses such as payroll,
rent, and utilities. Performance is the degree to which someone or something successfully accomplishes
an activity.
SOURCE: RM:042 Describe the use of technology in risk management
SOURCE: Rapid7. (n.d.). Information security risk management. Retrieved August 6, 2021, from
https://www.rapid7.com/fundamentals/information-security-risk-management/
97. D
Obstruction of justice. Obstruction of justice is a legal penalty that applies to individuals or businesses
that hide important information from law enforcement agencies, such as an accounting firm concealing a
client's questionable financial data. If evidence indicates that unethical or illegal business practices have
obstructed a criminal investigation, the business could be fined, and the employees concealing the
information could face imprisonment. A public scandal could severely tarnish a business's reputation, as
in the case of the Arthur Andersen accounting firm and its affiliation with Enron. Expropriation is the act of
government taking over private property. Breach of contract involves breaking the terms of a legal
agreement. Substantiate means to provide proof or evidence of something.
SOURCE: RM:043 Discuss legal considerations affecting risk management
SOURCE: FindLaw. (2019, April 19). Obstruction of justice. Retrieved August 6, 2021, from
https://criminal.findlaw.com/criminal-charges/obstruction-of-justice.html
98. B
External; economic. A market crash would be an external risk because it occurs outside of the company's
organization. This is an economic risk factor because it is a change in market conditions. A political risk
factor is a change in the political environment. A technological risk factor is an internal risk that includes
changes in the delivery and/or distribution of the company's product or service.
SOURCE: RM:058 Discuss the nature of risk control (i.e., internal and external)
SOURCE: Beers, B. (2021, June 28). How companies can reduce internal and external business risk.
Retrieved August 6, 2021, from https://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/050115/howcan-companies-reduce-internal-and-external-business-risk.asp
99. A
A risk inventory. A risk inventory is a listing of all of an organization's critical enterprise-wide risks. A risk
assessment is a tool used in risk management, but it does not necessarily list a company's every critical
enterprise-wide risk. Enterprise risk management allows a company to plan, organize, lead, and control
the risk in every level of an organization. A risk control is a tactic to mitigate a perceived risk.
SOURCE: RM:062 Discuss the nature of enterprise risk management (ERM
SOURCE: CCL. (2021). Preparation of risk inventory. Retrieved August 6, 2021, from
https://www.cclcompliance.com/services/compliance-advisory/risk-management/preparationof-risk-inventory/

Test 1248

FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

30

100. C
Narrow span of control. An organization with a narrow span of control is one in which managers have a
small number of direct reports. Liz only has two employees reporting to her, so she is a manager with a
narrow span of control. A wide span of control means that the organization has managers with a large
number of direct reports. A wide span of control creates a flat structure or organization. There is no
indication that Liz's organization has a hands-off approach.
SOURCE: SM:100 Explain factors that affect management
SOURCE: OrgChart. (2015, December 2). Importance of span of control & organizational structure.
Retrieved August 6, 2021, from https://www.orgchartpro.com/span-of-control-andorganizational-structure/

