1. Marcus is one of the earliest investors for a new teeth-whitening kit. Since then, he has convinced several other
people to invest in the kit, allowing him and other early backers to profit from their investments. What type of
investment scam is this scenario describing?
A. Viatical investment scam
B. Boiler room
C. Ponzi scheme
D. Predatory lending

2. Which of the following statements about insider trading is true:
A. It is always legal.
B. It is always illegal.
C. Information traded is public.
D. It can result in fines or jail time.

3. Which of the following is something that may be subject to a luxury tax:
A. Flat-screen TV
B. Commercial plane ticket
C. Smart phone
D. Mansion

4. A compliance department typically has five areas of responsibility. Which are two of those areas?
A. Identification and prevention
B. Resolution and investigation
C. Monitoring/detection and discipline
D. Advisory and complexity

5. Mina has a $3,000 investment held for four years in her savings account with 10% interest paid annually. What
is the future value of her money?
A. $5,100
B. $3,500
C. $4,200
D. $3,400

6. Virtual audits are different than traditional audits in that virtual audits
A. must offer printed copies of data.
B. cannot be done remotely.
C. don't rely on technology.
D. involve sharing documents online.

7. Which of the following is an advantage of using a virtual audit:
A. Increased efficiency
B. Longer implementation time
C. Decreased flexibility
D. Lack of rapport

8. The letter of the law refers to the __________ of the law, while the spirit of the law refers to the __________ of
the law.
A. intent; literal meaning
B. enforcement; intent
C. literal meaning; intent
D. literal meaning; enforcement

9. When a business is looking to employ communication styles appropriate for its target audience, which of the
following should it do:
A. Research the needs of the target audience beforehand
B. Avoid changing the message, no matter the reaction
C. Prioritize business needs over the target audience's needs
D. Tailor messages to the general public rather than the target audience

10. Which of the following statements best represents the Cornell Method of note-taking:
A. Notes are separated and organized into boxes.
B. Information is organized into several columns.
C. The page is divided into three or four sections.
D. Notes are divided into branches and connected with arrows.

11. Max, the editor of a business magazine, wants his team to start sending daily emails to their subscribers to
keep them engaged with their content. What type of professional writing should Max and his team use?
A. Newsletter
B. Report
C. Business letter
D. Agenda

12. Which of the following is a true statement about financial advisors:
A. They only help clients with investing and budgeting.
B. They help clients execute trades in the market.
C. They meet with their clients once.
D. They can only help wealthy people.

13. When a customer-centric business constantly strives to align its objectives and activities with customer needs
by stressing innovation and technology, it is engaging in
A. customer experience management.
B. continuous improvement.
C. business process management.
D. organizational structure.

14. A company utilizes customer relationship management data to
A. increase profits and expenses.
B. weed out unreliable customers.
C. be more like its competition.
D. better understand its customers.

15. With an effective customer strategy, a business can increase revenues by
A. providing products and services customers want.
B. prioritizing new customers over existing customers.
C. helping sales staff close deals at a slower pace.
D. prioritizing existing customers over new customers.

16. Which of the following statements best represents a seller’s market:
A. There is low demand, high supply, and low prices.
B. There is high demand, low supply, and rising prices.
C. Producers produce less and consumers buy more.
D. It is the best time for consumers to buy.

17. There are two basic ways a business can increase profit—decreasing its expenses and increasing its sales.
Which of the following is most likely to help a business increase its sales:
A. Change what it provides
B. Increase worker efficiency
C. Eliminate some free services
D. Avoid extra payroll expenses

18. Which of the following is an advantage of unions for businesses:
A. They increase costs and decrease control.
B. They help with the recruitment of new employees.
C. They lead to higher wages and better benefits.
D. They improve working conditions for employees.

19. Economic activities can be impacted by __________ changes like droughts, floods, and blizzards.
A. psychological
B. political
C. climatic
D. demographic

20. Which of the following statements about resistance is accurate:
A. Resistance can occur at any point in the change process.
B. Resistance shouldn’t be addressed when implementing change.
C. Resistance is a bad thing when leading change.
D. Resistance can only occur after a change has been made.

21. Samantha wants to make a more conscious effort of setting goals for herself. Which of the following is a tip that
could help her set smart goals:
A. Not tying goals to a timetable
B. Writing down her goals
C. Keeping them vague and qualifiable
D. Making them easily attainable

22. As a team member, you find motivational techniques such as saying “thank you” and giving verbal praise
especially effective because they
A. guarantee you a promotion.
B. encourage fierce competition.
C. are at virtually no cost to you.
D. make your group members laugh.

23. When a discussion becomes emotionally heated or the other person does not like what you say, you can use
__________ to shift the power.
A. BATNA
B. deadlines
C. alternative planning
D. silence

24. Rather than doing them all himself, Sam asked a classmate to create a few of the slides for their group
presentation. Sam recognized that he could not do everything himself and instead decided to
A. prioritize.
B. delegate.
C. overcommit.
D. divulge.

25. Which of the following are two guidelines for using power appropriately:
A. Maintain perspective and show respect
B. Avoid commitments and maintain perspective
C. Show respect and hold onto power
D. Hold onto power and avoid commitments

26. Which of the following is a reason why businesses offer credit:
A. To diminish convenience
B. To encourage customers to save
C. To increase interest rates
D. To be competitive

27. When looking at a personal budget, which of the following is an example of something that may be included as
an expense:
A. Interest payment in savings account
B. Cash birthday gift
C. Bi-weekly paycheck
D. Rent and utilities

28. Lyla recently earned her doctorate and wants to meet with a financial advisor to map out her financial future.
Which of the following steps should she do first:
A. Determine what type of financial advisor she needs
B. Understand how financial advisors are compensated
C. Check for complaints about the financial advisor
D. Make sure the financial advisor has reputable credentials

29. Which of the following best explains the overall purpose of accounting:
A. To control finances by keeping accurate financial information
B. To reduce financial uncertainty and make accidental loss manageable
C. To help a business make the most money possible
D. To identify external opportunities and threats

30. Which of the following is a consequence of noncompliance in the financial industry:
A. Improved communication
B. Audits and damaged reputation
C. Rule violation prevention
D. Protection from lawsuits

31. To calculate the future value of money, you need the present value, the length of time, and the
A. interest rate.
B. wage.
C. utility.
D. bottom line.

32. Which of the following statements about financial statements is true:
A. They don't include a cash flow statement.
B. They include a mission statement.
C. They communicate an entity's financial activities.
D. They are presented in an unstructured manner.

33. Which of the following is an external source of corporate information that can aid an organization in
understanding securities:
A. Sales reports
B. Customer records
C. Accounts receivable
D. Investment research firms

34. If you want to find out the greatest price at which a stock was traded over the last year, what part of the stock
table would provide this information?
A. 52-week high
B. Ask price
C. Dividend yield
D. 52-week low

35. When looking at a particular stock on a stock table, what information does the volume section provide?
A. The ratio between the stock's price and the company's earnings
B. The lowest price of the stock in the last 52 weeks
C. The amount of shares of the stock that were traded in that day
D. The change in the stock's price from the previous day's closing price

36. Which of the following statements about commercial banks is true:
A. They are only available online.
B. They do not offer credit cards.
C. They are owned and operated by members.
D. They offer checking and savings accounts.

37. An insurance company is different from a bank in that an insurance company
A. insures its customers against certain risks.
B. accepts short-term deposits and makes long-term loans.
C. is part of a centralized clearing and payment system.
D. is not considered a financial institution.

38. Which of the following statements about the equity market is true:
A. Equity investments typically involve less risk than debt securities.
B. It is where investors and traders buy and sell stock.
C. Stocks are the most common form of debt investment.
D. It is where investors and traders buy and sell bonds.

39. Which of the following best represents what happens in the spot market:
A. Creation and sale of new securities
B. Trade of financial instruments for immediate delivery
C. Delivery of an asset and funds at a future date
D. Purchase and sale of loans

40. If a company is looking to consolidate, it will __________ its assets.
A. combine
B. destroy
C. increase
D. sell

41. Which of the following are two indicators of a recession:
A. Sales rise and income falls
B. Sales fall and production rises
C. Production and employment fall
D. Employment and income rise

42. After 10 years of working for the same company, Marco was recently laid off due to budget cuts. Since then, he
has struggled to find a new job. Which of the following is a result of Marco being unemployed:
A. Less disposable income for his family
B. Greater contribution to the economy
C. Less work for his former colleagues
D. Greater purchasing power

43. Which of the following factors can lead an investor to develop a home bias:
A. Fewer barriers to entry in foreign markets
B. Higher risk associated with international investing
C. Less availability of domestic investments
D. Better familiarity with foreign markets

44. Which of the following sentences about equity statements is true:
A. Companies need to prepare them once a month.
B. Companies are not required to prepare them.
C. Using them typically increases a company’s equity.
D. They report changes in a company's equity.

45. Which of the following is the formula used to calculate retained earnings:
A. Beginning period retained earnings − Net income (or loss) + Net dividends
B. Beginning period retained earnings + Net income (or loss) − Net dividends
C. Capital expenditures + Net income (or loss) − Net dividends
D. Operating cash flow − Capital expenditures + Net income (or loss)

46. Which of the following is considered a direct cost:
A. Raw materials
B. Rent
C. Office supplies
D. Utilities

47. A large corporation decides to close one of its branches. The previous costs of running that branch—including
rent, utilities, and equipment—would all be considered __________ costs.
A. appraisal
B. employment
C. avoidable
D. mixed

48. Which of the following statements about marginal analysis is true:
A. Marginal cost is often equal to fixed costs.
B. The goal is for costs to outweigh benefits.
C. It is not necessary when looking to expand.
D. Companies use it to maximize profits.

49. The goal of marginal analysis should be to ensure that
A. marginal revenue exceeds marginal cost.
B. opportunity cost equals marginal revenue.
C. marginal cost equals opportunity cost.
D. marginal cost exceeds marginal revenue.

50. As opposed to financial accountants, managerial accountants primarily
A. hire externally.
B. report externally.
C. hire internally.
D. report internally.

51. Which of the following is most likely to impact a company’s corporate governance:
A. Suppliers  
B. Board of directors  
C. Global citizens  
D. Auditors  

52. Shemar is doing a quantitative study into the difference between planned and actual behavior. In other words, he is conducting a(n) __________ analysis.  
A. Environmental  
B. Break-even  
C. Cash flow  
D. Variance  

53. Cost accounting is an activity used mainly in __________ accounting.  
A. Managerial  
B. Forensic  
C. Financial  
D. Electric  

54. Companies that effectively allocate costs  
A. improve short-term and hurt long-term decision-making.  
B. increase profits and expenses.  
C. spread costs among departments.  
D. determine one department to cover all costs.  

55. Employee payroll is an example of a(n) __________ cost.  
A. Direct  
B. Indirect  
C. Manufacturing  
D. Utility  

56. Which of the following is an advantage for a company that implements a financial management information system:  
A. Decreased efficiency  
B. Less capacity to plan  
C. More inaccuracies  
D. Better decision-making  

57. Which of the following statements about accounting information systems is true:  
A. They typically avoid the use of internal controls.  
B. They help a company's different departments work together.  
C. They use software, but not hardware, to store and retrieve data.  
D. They collect data to be used only by accountants.  

58. Following ethical financial accounting practices often leads to  
A. receiving fines or sanctions.  
B. maintaining public faith.  
C. losing revenue.  
D. pushing away investors.  

59. A financial organization is most likely to have which of the following standards in its code of ethics:  
A. Share confidential information and data  
B. Provide people with subjective information  
C. Disclose positive and negative information  
D. Welcome conflicts of interest  

60. By reviewing an income statement to see how every line item compares to revenue, Anna conducted a __________ analysis.  
A. Horizontal  
B. Vertical  
C. Break-even  
D. SWOT  

61. Which of the following statements about ethics and risk management is true:  
A. Ethical risk management starts at the bottom.  
B. Ethical codes of conduct can support and go above and beyond legal compliance.  
C. Only management must be concerned about promoting ethics in risk management.  
D. It’s helpful to reward unethical behavior.  

62. By using a central data repository for financial information, companies receive  
A. Up-to-date data.  
B. Slower responses to queries.  
C. Less predictability.  
D. Inconsistent data.  

63. Just before the beginning of the year, Audrey is working with a management team to develop a budget forecasting the revenues and expenses expected for the coming year. What type of budget is Audrey’s company using?  
A. Cash budget  
B. Operating budget  
C. Promotional budget  
D. Long-term budget  

64. Nathan develops a budget for his business and runs it past the different members of his management team... This example demonstrates the importance of __________ in the development of an effective budget.  
A. Rewards  
B. Accuracy  
C. Company-wide support  
D. Long-term motivation  

65. Zach wants to better understand how his company compares to its competition. He intends to run financial analyses to compare the business practices and standards between firms in his industry. What strategy is Zach using?  
A. Smishing  
B. Benchmarking  
C. Forecasting  
D. Exporting  

66. Which of the following statements about the use of technology in financial analysis is true?  
A. Its use is declining within certain industries.  
B. It is reserved for legal corporations.  
C. It only supports outdated methodologies.  
D. It helps inform and support decision-making  

67. Which approach to operational efficiency focuses on reducing waste?  
A. Agile  
B. Kaizen  
C. Six Sigma  
D. Lean  

68. Which two elements of the marketing mix involve getting a product to the consumer?  
A. Product and pricing  
B. Promotion and place  
C. Product and promotion  
D. Pricing and place  

69. Which of the following is a recommended step for students interested in web development?  
A. Avoid learning code  
B. Learn basic HTML code  
C. Focus only on app design  
D. Skip programming basics  

70. Which market research method involves gathering opinions from a small group?  
A. Survey  
B. Focus group  
C. Observation  
D. Experiment  

71. Which of the following is an advantage of cloud storage for financial information?  
A. Slower processing speeds  
B. Increased errors  
C. Less accessibility  
D. Better protection  

72. Why is standardization important in accounting?  
A. Fewer calculations  
B. Personalized records  
C. Decreased clarity  
D. Standard format  

73. One key purpose of an internal audit is to  
A. Increase revenue  
B. Fire employees  
C. Detect the possibility of fraud  
D. Create advertisements  

74. How long is typical biometric data stored?  
A. 12 hours  
B. 24 hours  
C. 48 hours  
D. One week  

75. An employee getting paid for hours not worked is committing  
A. Time theft  
B. Identity theft  
C. Insider trading  
D. Embezzlement  

76. Sensitive company information should be labeled as  
A. Public  
B. Limited  
C. Confidential  
D. Ethical  

77. A project’s success is most affected by being  
A. Crowdfunded  
B. Impacted by the project’s leadership  
C. Avoided  
D. Duplicated  

78. Professional feedback from someone at the same level is called a __________ review.  
A. Manager  
B. Vendor  
C. Peer  
D. Customer  

79. Which of the following helps protect a company against liability?  
A. Trademark  
B. Warranty  
C. Insurance  
D. Collateral  

80. The main purpose of forensic accounting is  
A. Investigating fraud  
B. Decreasing taxes  
C. Raising wages  
D. Increasing expenses  

81. Which is an effective way to advance a finance career?  
A. Leaving school  
B. Avoiding coworkers  
C. Ignoring training  
D. Joining a professional association  

82. Which is an example of a company benefit to employees?  
A. Longer work hours  
B. No vacation  
C. A flexible work schedule  
D. Unpaid leave  

83. Corporate governance helps an organization by  
A. Reducing leadership roles  
B. Ignoring investors  
C. Balancing interests of different stakeholders  
D. Increasing risk  

84. A disadvantage of sole proprietorships is  
A. Limited profitability  
B. Many owners  
C. Government funding  
D. Unlimited resources  

85. A person who is responsible for acting in another’s best interest is a  
A. Creditor  
B. Debtor  
C. Assets manager  
D. Fiduciary  

86. When companies are open and honest, they promote  
A. Risk  
B. Theft  
C. Loss  
D. Transparency  

87. Performance metrics help because  
A. It is easier to assess organizational progress  
B. Goals are eliminated  
C. Budgets disappear  
D. Staff is reduced  

88. Which leadership outcome is tied to employee empowerment?  
A. Increased job satisfaction  
B. Increased laziness  
C. Higher turnover  
D. Reduced trust  

89. If an employee earns $20/hr for a 200 hour project, they earn  
A. $4,000  
B. $2,000  
C. $6,000  
D. $8,000  

90. Corporate philanthropy is best defined as a way to  
A. Avoid responsibility  
B. Lower wages  
C. Demonstrate social responsibility  
D. Increase taxes  

91. The way a business is organized is its  
A. Culture  
B. Process  
C. Ethics  
D. Structure  

92. A mission statement is  
A. A framework for company goals  
B. A daily schedule  
C. A profit statement  
D. A balance sheet  

93. Corporate social responsibility is connected to __________ decision-making.  
A. Financial  
B. Personal  
C. Political  
D. Ethical  

94. When columns show data side by side through time, it is a __________ analysis.  
A. Vertical  
B. Horizontal  
C. Ratio  
D. Risk  

95. A financial plan designed to reduce loss is a  
A. Crisis response  
B. Savings plan  
C. Investment plan  
D. Risk model  

96. Following laws and regulations results in  
A. Higher taxes  
B. Increased advertisement  
C. Reduced liability exposure  
D. Less revenue  

97. Which external factor most affects international business?  
A. Weather  
B. Language  
C. Changes in import laws  
D. Office supplies  

98. Workers’ compensation is designed to help  
A. Managers  
B. Investors  
C. Injured employees  
D. Customers  

99. Strategic planning should support a  
A. Short-term refund  
B. Customer discount  
C. Bad investment  
D. Firmwide strategy  

100. Stopping problems before they occur is an example of a  
A. Detective control  
B. Preventative control  
C. Output standard  
D. Directive strategy


/////


1. C
Ponzi scheme. A Ponzi scheme is an investment scam that lures in new investors by promising high rates of
return with little to no risk. In a Ponzi scheme, high rates of returns are paid to initial investors out of funds from
later investors. Because Marcus and other early backers are profiting from investments made by new backers,
this scenario is an example of a Ponzi scheme. Predatory lending is when lenders pressure a consumer into
signing loan agreements that aren't in the consumer's best interest. A viatical investment scam is when
companies convince investors to buy interests in the death benefits provided for in life insurance policies of
terminally ill patients. Boiler rooms are high-pressure sales tactics (cold calls, fast talking, etc.) used in an effort
to persuade investors to purchase securities.
SOURCE: BL:133 Discuss legal considerations in the finance industry
SOURCE: New York State Office of the Attorney General. (n.d.). Common investment scams. Retrieved
December 27, 2022, from https://ag.ny.gov/investor-protection/common-investment-scams
2. D
It can result in fines or jail time. Insider trading is when a company’s owners, directors, key management, or
employees trade its stock or other securities with non-public, material information about the company. Insider
trading can be legal or illegal. It is illegal when trading information that is not disclosed to the public. This can
result in fines or even jail time. Insider trading is legal as long as it conforms to established rules and
regulations, meaning that it reports the trade to the necessary agency in a timely manner, thus making the nonpublic information public. For example, in the United States, companies must report trades to the Securities and
Exchange Commission.
SOURCE: BL:133 Discuss legal considerations in the finance industry
SOURCE: Ganti, A. (2022, March 7). What is insider trading, and when is it legal? Retrieved December 27,
2022, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/i/insidertrading.asp
3. D
Mansion. Luxury tax is a sales tax or transfer tax that is only imposed on specific goods. Products that are
luxury taxed are considered non-essential or affordable only to the wealthiest consumers. A mansion is
something that may be subject to a luxury tax, as it is considered non-essential and is typically only affordable
to wealthy people. A commercial plane ticket, a smart phone, and a flat-screen TV are items that are often
affordable to people in varying socioeconomic classes. As a result, these items would not be subject to a luxury
tax.
SOURCE: BL:134 Discuss the effect of tax laws and regulations on financial transactions
SOURCE: Kagan, J. (2022, July 19). What is a luxury tax? Definition, how it works, and example. Retrieved
December 27, 2022, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/l/luxury_tax.asp
4. A
Identification and prevention. Compliance is fulfilling the requirements of the law. A compliance department
ensures that a business or organization adheres to external rules and internal controls. In addition, it identifies
risks that the business may face and advises it how to address or avoid them. A compliance department
typically has five areas of responsibility—identification, prevention, monitoring and detection, resolution, and
advisory. Industry regulators authorize and supervise compliance through investigation, but investigation is not
an area of responsibility of a compliance department. These industry regulators determine risk within an
organization by considering factors such as complexity, diversity, volume, and scale, among others. Discipline
is not an area of responsibility for a compliance department.
SOURCE: BL:148 Discuss the nature and scope of compliance in the finance industry
SOURCE: Hargrave, M. (2022, October 31). Compliance department: Definition, role, and duties. Retrieved
December 27, 2022, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/compliancedepartment.asp

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2023 HS ICDC

FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

2

5. C
$4,200. Future value refers to the value of a current asset at some point in the future. The formula for future
value is: Future value = Investment amount X (1 + [Interest rate X Number of years]). In this scenario, the
investment amount is $3,000, the interest rate is 10% (or 0.10), and the number of years is four. When inserted
into the formula, you get: Future value = $3,000 X (1 + (0.10 X 4)) = $3,000 X (1 + 0.4) = $3,000 X 1.4 = $4,200.
SOURCE: FI:238 Calculate the time value of money
SOURCE: Chen, J. (2022, December 30). Future value: Definition, formula, how to calculate, example, and
uses. Retrieved January 9, 2023, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/f/futurevalue.asp
6. D
Involve sharing documents online. An audit is the process by which an organization’s accounts and records are
verified. Virtual audits have the same goal as a traditional audit; however, virtual audits occur via virtual means
rather than in person. Because virtual audits typically occur online, businesses or organizations must share the
necessary documents with the auditor(s) via the internet, allowing the auditors to access them. Because
auditors will have digital access to the data and documents, they do not need printed copies. Virtual audits can
be done remotely, and they rely on technology.
SOURCE: BL:149 Describe the use of technology in compliance
SOURCE: Stefan, A. (2021, December 2). What is a virtual audit and how are they done? An in-depth look.
Retrieved December 27, 2022, from https://floqast.com/blog/what-is-a-virtual-audit-and-how-arethey-done
7. A
Increased efficiency. An audit is the process by which an organization’s accounts and records are verified.
Virtual audits have the same goal as a traditional audit; however, virtual audits occur via virtual means rather
than in person. When it comes to compliance, there are several advantages of using a virtual audit, including
increased efficiency and flexibility, as well as better alignment with remote work. Lack of rapport and longer
implementation time are both potential disadvantages of virtual audits.
SOURCE: BL:149 Describe the use of technology in compliance
SOURCE: Stefan, A. (2021, December 2). What is a virtual audit and how are they done? An in-depth look.
Retrieved December 27, 2022, from https://floqast.com/blog/what-is-a-virtual-audit-and-how-arethey-done
8. C
Literal meaning; intent. The letter of the law refers to the literal meaning of a law, as it is written, word for word.
However, the spirit of the law refers to the intent of the law. It is the social and moral consensus of how to
interpret the law. The spirit of the law might go beyond the exact wording. Regulations are standards and rules
that dictate how laws will be enforced.
SOURCE: BL:163 Comply with the spirit and intent of laws and regulations
SOURCE: LAP-BL-163—Laying Down the Law (Complying With the Spirit and Intent of Laws and Regulations)

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2023 HS ICDC

FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

3

9. A
Research the needs of the target audience beforehand. When a business is looking to employ communication
styles appropriate for its target audience, it is important to research the needs of its target audience beforehand.
By knowing the target audience and its needs, a business can tailor its messages accordingly. The business
should prioritize the target audience's needs over its own when looking to employ communication styles
appropriate for its target audience. Businesses should be willing to change and adapt their message if the target
audience does not have the intended reaction. When trying to reach the target audience, businesses should
avoid tailoring their message to the general public, as it will be broader in nature. Businesses shouldn't be afraid
to be specific with their messages to their target audience.
SOURCE: CO:084 Employ communication styles appropriate to target audience
SOURCE: Lewis, J. (n.d.). Tips on knowing your target audience when communicating within an organization.
Retrieved September 9, 2022, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/tips-knowing-target-audiencecommunicating-within-organization-36023.html
10. C
The page is divided into three or four sections. The Cornell Method of note-taking is unique from other methods
due to the page layout. The page is divided into three or four sections. One section is an optional row at the top
for the title and date, while another section is a row at the bottom used as a summary. There are two columns in
the center, one on the left that is about 30% width of the middle space, and one on the right that is about 70%.
The right column is used for the main notes, while the left column is used for keywords and questions. The
boxing method of note-taking separates and organizes notes into boxes. The charting method organizes
information into several columns. The mapping method divides notes into branches and connects them with
arrows.
SOURCE: CO:085 Utilize note-taking strategies
SOURCE: GoodNotes. (2018, May 9). The best note-taking methods. Retrieved September 12, 2022, from
https://medium.goodnotes.com/the-best-note-taking-methods-for-college-students-451f412e264e
11. A
Newsletter. Newsletters are messages that provide information of interest to particular groups. Newsletters are
often sent via email and aim to keep customers/subscribers engaged with a business, its happenings, and its
content. A report is a document that archives and communicates information. A business letter is a letter from
one company to another, typically used to convey company information. An agenda is a list of items to be
discussed in a formal meeting.
SOURCE: CO:088 Select and utilize appropriate formats for professional writing
SOURCE: Outranking. (2021, December 30). Types of professional writing: From fiction to memos. Retrieved
September 12, 2022, from https://www.outranking.io/types-of-professional-writing
12. B
They help clients execute trades in the market. A financial advisor helps their clients make decisions about what
to do with their money. This includes helping to execute trades in the market, constructing personalized
financial plans, and offering advice for saving, budgeting, investing, and tax strategies. Financial advisors can
help anyone with their financials, not just wealthy people. Financial advisors don't just meet with their clients
once; rather, they check in with clients on a regular basis. Financial advisors aren't limited to helping clients with
just investing and budgeting.
SOURCE: CR:012 Explain the responsibilities of finance professionals in providing client services
SOURCE: Fontinelle, A. (2022, November 23). What does a financial advisor do? Retrieved December 29,
2022, from https://www.investopedia.com/articles/personal-finance/050815/what-do-financialadvisers-do.asp

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2023 HS ICDC

FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

4

13. C
Business process management. When a customer-centric business constantly strives to align its objectives and
activities with customer needs by stressing innovation and technology, it is engaging in business process
management. Continuous improvement refers to continuously evaluating business processes to make them
more efficient and effective. A business’s organizational structure refers to its configuration of employees for
accomplishing specific business tasks. Customer experience management includes the strategies, processes,
and policies a business uses to meet or exceed customer expectations and to provide customers with
outstanding experiences at every touchpoint.
SOURCE: CR:016 Discuss the nature of customer relationship management
SOURCE: LAP-CR-016—Know When to Hold ‘Em (Nature of Customer Relationship Management)
14. D
Better understand its customers. Customer relationship management (CRM) refers to the strategies, processes,
technology, and people a business uses to build, maintain, and maximize the long-term value of customer
relationships. A strong CRM strategy uses several pieces of information about customers and market trends to
help the company better market and sell their products and services while meeting customers' needs.
Essentially, CRM helps companies to better understand their customers. Rather than weeding out unreliable
customers, data from CRM will help a company better understand its customers so that it can meet their needs.
A company will not use the data from a CRM to be more like its competition. While a company may implement
CRM strategies to increase profits, it will typically not look to increase its expenses.
SOURCE: CR:024 Use Customer Relationship Management (CRM) technology
SOURCE: Fruhlinger, J., & Wailgum, T. (2018, August 13). What is CRM? Software for managing customer
data. Retrieved December 29, 2022, from https://www.cio.com/article/272365/customer-relationshipmanagement-crm-definition-and-solutions.html
15. A
Providing products and services customers want. Customer relationship management (CRM) refers to the
strategies, processes, technology, and people a business uses to build, maintain, and maximize the long-term
value of customer relationships. A strong CRM strategy uses several pieces of information about customers and
market trends to help the company better market and sell their products and services while meeting customers'
needs. An effective CRM strategy can increase a business's revenues because CRM helps businesses identify
customers' needs, thus making it easier to provide products and services that are exactly what customers want.
CRM strategies can help businesses retain their existing customers and discover new ones, not prioritize one
group over the other. CRM can help businesses increase revenues by helping its sales staff close deals faster,
not slower.
SOURCE: CR:024 Use Customer Relationship Management (CRM) technology
SOURCE: Fruhlinger, J., & Wailgum, T. (2018, August 13). What is CRM? Software for managing customer
data. Retrieved December 29, 2022, from https://www.cio.com/article/272365/customer-relationshipmanagement-crm-definition-and-solutions.html
16. B
There is high demand, low supply, and rising prices. A seller’s market is the result of excess demand and is the
best time for producers to sell. A seller’s market is characterized by large demand, small supply, and high
prices. In times of excess demand, consumers are willing to pay more to get what they want, so prices increase.
Producers respond to higher prices by increasing the supply. Excess demand is eliminated when the price
reaches a point where the quantity that consumers will buy is equal to the quantity that producers have to sell. A
buyer’s market is the best time for consumers to buy and is characterized by low demand, high supply, and low
prices. In a buyer’s market, consumers will buy more (and eliminate the excess) as the prices go down, but
producers will produce less.
SOURCE: EC:006 Describe the functions of prices in markets
SOURCE: LAP-EC-906—When More Is Less (Functions of Prices)

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2023 HS ICDC

FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

5

17. A
Change what it provides. By changing what it provides, a business can increase its sales. For example,
providing a different flavor of milkshake or a new style of clothing can attract new or additional buyers.
Increasing worker efficiency, eliminating some free services, and avoiding extra payroll expenses are all ways a
business can decrease its expenses.
SOURCE: EC:010 Identify factors affecting a business's profit
SOURCE: LAP-EC-910—Risk Rewarded (Factors Affecting Profit)
18. B
They help with the recruitment of new employees. Although workers and employees tend to benefit from
unionism more than businesses do, there are some advantages for businesses. One of these advantages is
that unions help businesses with the recruitment of new employees. The security of a labor contract is also an
advantage for businesses. Higher wages, better benefits, and improved working conditions for employees are
all advantages for workers, not businesses. Increased costs and decreased control are disadvantages of
unionism for businesses, not advantages.
SOURCE: EC:015 Explain the concept of organized labor and business
SOURCE: LAP-EC-915—Get United (Organized Labor)
19. C
Climatic. Climatic changes can impact economic activities, especially agriculture and construction. Droughts,
floods, and blizzards can affect many economic activities. While economic activities can be impacted by
political, demographic, and psychological changes, they are not necessarily related to droughts, floods, or
blizzards.
SOURCE: EC:018 Determine the impact of business cycles on business activities
SOURCE: LAP-EC-918—Boom or Bust (Impact of Business Cycles)
20. A
Resistance can occur at any point in the change process. You will almost always face some type of resistance
when leading change, and dealing with it is an important skill to develop. Although addressing resistance to the
change is the fourth step in the process of leading change, resistance can occur at any point in the change
process. You need to be ready to address resistance at any time, not just after a change has been made.
Resistance is not always a bad thing, as it can help you build a stronger case for the change or iron out any
kinks in your plan. Resistance should be addressed when implementing change, as doing it properly means that
you help the resistant people overcome whatever is holding them back from being committed to the change.
SOURCE: EI:005 Lead change
SOURCE: LAP-EI-005—Start the Revolution (Leading Change)
21. B
Writing down her goals. One tip that could help Samantha set smart goals is by writing them down. Seeing your
goals written out every day makes them much harder to forget about. Writing goals down has a tendency to
make them feel more solid and real, giving you greater motivation to work toward them. In addition, crossing a
goal off once you've achieved it can be a great feeling. Goals should not be easily attainable; rather, they
should be difficult but possible. Goals should be specific and quantitative, not vague and qualifiable. Goals
should be tied to a timetable.
SOURCE: EI:027 Develop an achievement orientation
SOURCE: LAP-EI-027—High Hopes (Developing an Achievement Orientation)

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2023 HS ICDC

FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

6

22. C
Are at virtually no cost to you. Saying “thank you” and giving verbal praise are examples of motivational
techniques that are effective ways to boost morale and productivity at no cost to you. Motivating your peers or
coworkers does not necessarily guarantee a promotion, nor does it guarantee laughter, because the primary
goal is to inspire others and encourage productivity among the group. Rather than encourage competition,
these techniques should promote a friendly atmosphere where people are encouraged to try their best.
SOURCE: EI:059 Motivate team members
SOURCE: LAP-EI-059 —Raise Them Up (Motivating Others)
23. D
Silence. When the discussion becomes emotionally heated or the other person does not like what you say, you
can use silence to shift the power. When a conversation grows heated, deadlines will likely increase the
tension. Alternative planning is a strategy for expecting the unexpected, which would not necessarily work best
in this scenario. BATNA is best alternative to a negotiated agreement, and presenting your walk away point
during a heated conversation can also increase tension.
SOURCE: EI:062 Demonstrate negotiation skills
SOURCE: LAP-EI-062—Make It a Win-Win (Negotiation in Business)
24. B
Delegate. Delegating is the act of assigning your tasks and work to other people, usually subordinates.
Delegating is important because one person cannot do everything alone. It is a great solution when you have
overcommitted yourself or when you are struggling to meet deadlines. Overcommitting means committing to
more than what is possible, necessary, or desirable. Prioritizing means determining the order for completion of
activities based on their importance. To divulge means to reveal or make known to others.
SOURCE: EI:077 Manage commitments in a timely manner
SOURCE: LAP-EI-077—Commit to It (Managing Commitments in a Timely Manner)
25. A
Maintain perspective and show respect. There are many techniques for using power appropriately and
effectively. To avoid abusing their power, leaders should maintain perspective, communicate effectively, and
show respect. Leaders should also share power (not hold onto it) and follow through on (rather than avoid)
commitments.
SOURCE: EI:135 Use power appropriately
SOURCE: LAP-EI-135—Power Play (Using Power Appropriately)
26. D
To be competitive. There are several very important reasons for businesses to offer credit, and among those
reasons is to be competitive. Businesses must compete with each other for scarce customer dollars. If two
businesses offer similar products, one of those businesses may decide to offer credit as an added attraction.
Being able to buy now and pay later is often the deciding factor in the customer’s choice of which company to
do business with. Other reasons businesses offer credit are to gain new customers, to encourage customers to
buy, to foster customer loyalty, and to use as a marketing-information tool. Increasing interest rates and
diminishing convenience are not reasons why businesses offer credit. Interest rates are costs that businesses
and individuals pay for using credit. Businesses offer credit because it is convenient for consumers.
SOURCE: FI:002 Explain the purposes and importance of credit
SOURCE: LAP-FI-002—Give Credit Where Credit Is Due (Credit and Its Importance)

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2023 HS ICDC

FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

7

27. D
Rent and utilities. A budget is an estimate of income and expenses for a specific period of time. Income is
money received by a business or an individual from outside sources, while an expense is money that a
business or individual spends. Rent and utilities are money that a business or individual spends. Bi-weekly
paychecks, interest payments in savings accounts, and a cash birthday gift are all examples of potential
incomes that could be included on a budget.
SOURCE: FI:066 Develop personal budget
SOURCE: Ganti, A. (2022, May 27). Budget definition: Corporate & personal budgets. Retrieved September 12,
2022, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/b/budget.asp
28. A
Determine what type of financial advisor she needs. Before she starts researching individual financial advisors,
Lyla needs to determine what type of financial advisor she needs. There are many types of financial advisors
that have different focuses—financial planning services, investments, retirement income planning, wealth
accumulation, etc. To find the best financial advisor, Lyla needs to know what type of financial advice she needs
and what services a potential advisor provides. Once she determines the type of financial advisor she needs,
she can focus on finding an advisor with reputable credentials, understand how they are compensated, ask
questions, check for complaints, learn how to spot fraud risks, and verify credentials, among other things.
SOURCE: FI:076 Discuss considerations in selecting a financial-services provider
SOURCE: Anspach, D. (2022, May 28). 7 steps for finding the best financial advisor. Retrieved September 12,
2022, from https://www.thebalancemoney.com/how-to-find-the-best-financial-advisor-in-7-easysteps-4032070
29. A
To control finances by keeping accurate financial information. Accounting is the process of keeping financial
records. Businesses cannot be successful and make good financial decisions unless they maintain control of
their money. That’s the overall purpose of accounting—to control finances by keeping accurate financial
information. Although accounting tracks a business's performance and helps it plan for the future, its overall
purpose isn't necessarily to help a business make the most money possible. Identifying external opportunities
and threats is the purpose of environmental scanning—collecting information about the environment
surrounding your business. Reducing financial uncertainty and making accidental loss manageable is the
purpose of insurance—a contractual agreement in which one company (insurer) will pay for specified losses
incurred by the other company (insured) in return for installment payments (premium).
SOURCE: FI:085 Explain the concept of accounting
SOURCE: LAP-FI-085—Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
30. B
Audits and damaged reputation. Noncompliance refers to when a business or organization fails to fulfill its
compliance requirements and responsibilities. There are several consequences a business may face for
noncompliance, including audits, damaged reputation, financial penalties, suspension or termination of the
business, and even imprisonment. A company that is guilty of noncompliance is susceptible to audits, which will
draw closer inspection of a business's processes and financials. In addition, noncompliance can hurt customer
and investor confidence and can make lenders wary of providing financing to the business, all of which can hurt
the business's reputation. Rule violation prevention, protection from lawsuits, and improved communication are
benefits of compliance in the finance industry.
SOURCE: BL:148 Discuss the nature and scope of compliance in the finance industry
SOURCE: Akalp, N. (2019, December 26). The consequences of noncompliance in business. Retrieved
December 27, 2022, from https://www.corpnet.com/blog/the-consequences-of-noncompliance-inbusiness

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2023 HS ICDC

FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

8

31. A
Interest rate. The future value of money is calculated by the equation FV = PV × (1 + i) n where “FV” is future
value, “PV” is present value, “i” is the interest rate, and “n” is the period of time. The bottom line is the net
income of a business or the net result of a project or event. Utility and wage are business terms that are not
relevant to the calculation of the time value of money.
SOURCE: FI:238 Calculate the time value of money
SOURCE: Carther Heyford, S. (2022, May 23). Understanding the time value of money. Retrieved January 10,
2023, from https://www.investopedia.com/articles/03/082703.asp
32. C
They communicate an entity's financial activities. A financial statement is a summary of accounting information.
A key component of accounting, financial statements are essentially records that show a business’s financial
activities. Financial statements are presented in a structured manner, with conventions accepted by regulatory
and accounting personnel. A financial statement typically includes four components: a balance sheet, an
income statement, a cash flow statement, and a statement of changes in equity. They do not include a mission
statement.
SOURCE: FI:274 Describe sources of securities information
SOURCE: Course Hero. (2023). Introducing financial statements. Retrieved January 4, 2023, from
https://www.coursehero.com/study-guides/boundless-finance/introducing-financial-statements
33. D
Investment research firms. In financial terms, a security is a fungible and negotiable financial instrument that
has monetary value of some sort. External sources of corporate information that can aid an organization in
understanding securities include investment research firms, analysts, news sources, and magazines. Sales
reports, customer records, and accounts receivable (the payments a business receives) are all examples of an
organization's internal data.
SOURCE: FI:274 Describe sources of securities information
SOURCE: Milano, S. (n.d.). Internal sources of finance that a firm can utilize. Retrieved January 4, 2023, from
https://smallbusiness.chron.com/internal-sources-finance-firm-can-utilize-74895.html
34. A
52-week high. If you want to find out the highest price at which a stock was traded over the last year, you will
need to look at the 52-week high, which is the highest price at which a stock has traded over the last 52 weeks.
The 52-week low is the lowest price at which a stock has traded over the previous 52 weeks. The dividend yield
is the percentage paid out per share on an annual basis relative to the share price. The ask price refers to the
price a seller is willing to accept for a security.
SOURCE: FI:275 Interpret securities table
SOURCE: Desjardins Online Brokerage. (n.d.). How to read a stock table/quote. Retrieved January 5, 2023,
from https://www.disnat.com/en/learning/trading-basics/stock-basics/how-to-read-a-stock-tablequote
35. C
The amount of shares of the stock that were traded in that day. The volume section of a stock table refers to the
amount of shares of the stock that were traded in that day. For example, if only 75 shares are traded in a day,
the trading volume is 75. The lowest price of the stock in the last 52 weeks is the 52-week low. The ratio
between the stock's price and the company's earnings is the price-to-earnings ratio. The change in the stock's
price from the previous day's closing price is the net change.
SOURCE: FI:275 Interpret securities table
SOURCE: Dummies. (2021, July 1). How to read a stock table. Retrieved January 5, 2023, from
https://www.dummies.com/article/business-careers-money/personal-finance/investing/investmentvehicles/stocks/how-to-read-a-stock-table-198363

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2023 HS ICDC

FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

9

36. D
They offer checking and savings accounts. A commercial bank is a full-service bank offering a variety of
banking services including checking and savings accounts, secured and unsecured loans, installment credit,
and bank credit cards. Commercial banks typically offer online banking options for their consumers, but they are
not limited to online banking. Internet banks are banks that offer the same products and services as
conventional banks, but they do so through online platforms rather than brick-and-mortar locations. A credit
union is created, owned, and operated by its members.
SOURCE: FI:336 Describe the role of financial institutions
SOURCE: Horton, M. (2021, April 29). What are the 9 major types of financial institutions? Retrieved January 3,
2023, from https://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/061615/what-are-major-categories-financialinstitutions-and-what-are-their-primary-roles.asp
37. A
Insures its customers against certain risks. An insurance company is a financial institution that insures it
customers against certain risks. In return for the insurance of these risks, such as a car accident or house fire,
their customers pay regular insurance premiums. Banks and insurance companies are both considered financial
institutions. Banks, not insurance companies, accept short-term deposits and make long-term loans. Banks are
part of a centralized clearing and payment system, whereas insurance companies are not.
SOURCE: FI:336 Describe the role of financial institutions
SOURCE: Thangavelu, P. (2021, June 19). Insurance companies vs. banks: What's the difference? Retrieved
January 3, 2023, from https://www.investopedia.com/articles/personal-finance/070715/insurancecompanies-vs-banks-separate-and-not-equal.asp
38. B
It is where investors and traders buy and sell stock. The equity market, also known as the stock market, is the
market in which stocks are bought and sold. The debt market, also known as the bond market, is where
investors and traders buy and sell bonds. Equity investments typically involve more risk than debt securities, as
the equity market is viewed as inherently risky while having potential to lead to a high return on other
investments. Bonds, rather than stocks, are the most common form of debt investment.
SOURCE: FI:337 Explain types of financial markets (e.g., money market, capital market, insurance market,
commodities markets, etc.)
SOURCE: Maverick, J.B. (2021, December 13). Debt market vs. equity market: What are the differences?
Retrieved January 3, 2023, from https://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/071415/what-aredifferences-between-debt-and-equity-markets.asp
39. B
Trade of financial instruments for immediate delivery. The spot market is where financial instruments are traded
for immediate delivery. Financial instruments can include commodities, securities, and currencies. A futures
market is based on the delivery of an asset and funds at a future date. A primary market is where securities are
created, while a secondary market is where those securities are traded by investors. The debt market, also
known as the bond market, is where investors and traders buy and sell bonds.
SOURCE: FI:337 Explain types of financial markets (e.g., money market, capital market, insurance market,
commodities markets, etc.)
SOURCE: Smith, T. (2021, September 29). Spot market: Definition, how they work, and example. Retrieved
January 3, 2023, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/s/spotmarket.asp

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2023 HS ICDC

FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

10

40. A
Combine. Consolidation refers to combining the assets, liabilities, and other financial items of two or more
entities into one. In financial accounting, consolidation refers to the combining of financial statements of more
than one company for a parent company’s report. Increasing, destroying, and selling assets is not the goal of
consolidation.
SOURCE: FI:573 Discuss the nature of convergence/consolidation in the finance industry
SOURCE: Kenton, W. (2020, November 27). Consolidate: What it means in business and finance. Retrieved
January 4, 2023, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/consolidate.asp
41. C
Production and employment fall. Business cycles are periods of expansion and contraction (or recession) in
economic activities. A recession is a state of economic decline, which sees production, employment, income,
and sales fall. A recession begins when an expansion peaks (or ends). A recession ends at the end of the
trough of the business cycle, where the next expansion begins. An expansion is characterized by increased
spending and borrowing, increased demand for goods and services, increased employment rates, and
decreased interest rates on loans. This all leads to rises in production, employment, income, and sales.
SOURCE: FI:574 Describe the relationship between economic conditions and financial markets
SOURCE: Achuthan, L. (2022, June 15). Business cycle: What it is, how to measure it, the 4 phases. Retrieved
January 4, 2023, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/b/businesscycle.asp
42. A
Less disposable income for his family. The unemployment rate is the percentage of the labor pool that is
currently seeking but unable to find work. When workers are unemployed, they and their families lose wages
and, thus, have less disposable income. As a result of decreased disposable income, the overall economy loses
contribution to the economy in terms of goods and services that could have been purchased. Unemployed
workers also have less purchasing power—the financial ability to buy products and services—due to not having
a reliable source of income. When a company lays off an employee, the workers that remain with the company
typically will have to make up for the work that was previously done by the laid off employee.
SOURCE: FI:574 Describe the relationship between economic conditions and financial markets
SOURCE: Picardo, E. (2022, March 23). How the unemployment rate affects everybody. Retrieved January 4,
2023, from https://www.investopedia.com/articles/economics/10/unemployment-rate-get-real.asp
43. B
Higher risk associated with international investing. Home bias refers to an investor's preference to invest mainly
in domestic equities while ignoring the benefits of diversifying into foreign equities. There are several factors
that can lead an investor to favor domestic investments. One of these factors is that there is higher risk
associated with international investing. This is because investors with home bias tend to stick with investments
with which they're familiar and comfortable. Other factors that can lead an investor to develop a home bias
include greater availability of domestic investments, unfamiliarity with foreign markets, lack of transparency, and
greater barriers to entry in foreign markets, among others. Less availability of domestic investments, better
familiarity with foreign markets, and fewer barriers to entry in foreign markets are not reasons an investor may
develop a home bias.
SOURCE: FI:575 Explain the nature and scope of financial globalization
SOURCE: Chen, J. (2022, May 17). Understanding home bias. Retrieved January 4, 2023, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/h/homebias.asp

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2023 HS ICDC

FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

11

44. D
They report changes in a company's equity. An equity statement (also known as a statement of owner’s equity
or statement of changes in equity) is a financial statement that reports changes in a company's equity.
Companies are required to prepare equity statements along with other important financial documents at the end
of the financial year. Equity statements are not a monthly responsibility of companies. Using equity statements
will not increase the equity of a company.
SOURCE: FI:630 Explain the nature of statements of changes in equity
SOURCE: Corporate Finance Institute. (2022, December 12). Equity statement. Retrieved January 5, 2023,
from https://corporatefinanceinstitute.com/resources/accounting/equity-statement
45. B
Beginning period retained earnings + Net income (or loss) − Net dividends. Retained earnings are the
cumulative net profits of a company after accounting for dividend payments. Retained earnings are calculated
by adding net income to (or subtracting net losses from) the beginning period retained earnings then subtracting
any net dividend(s) paid to shareholders. Net dividends usually refer to cash dividends or stock dividends. The
formula looks like: Retained earnings = Beginning period retained earnings + Net income (or loss) − Net
dividends. Subtracting capital expenditures from operating cash flow calculates free cash flow. Capital
expenditures and operating cash flow are not used when calculating retained earnings.
SOURCE: FI:630 Explain the nature of statements of changes in equity
SOURCE: Fernando, J. (2022, August 1). Retained earnings in accounting and what they can tell you.
Retrieved January 5, 2023, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/r/retainedearnings.asp
46. A
Raw materials. A direct cost is an expense that a company can connect to a specific cost objective, such as a
product, project, or contract. Raw materials and labor costs are each considered direct costs. Utilities, rent, and
office supplies are each considered indirect costs, which are expenses involved with maintaining and running a
company.
SOURCE: FI:658 Describe types of costs used in managerial accounting (e.g., direct cost, indirect cost, sunk
cost, differential cost, etc.)
SOURCE: Spielman, E. (2022, November 28). Direct costs vs. indirect costs: What are they, and how are they
different? Retrieved January 9, 2023, from https://www.businessnewsdaily.com/5498-direct-costsindirect-costs.html
47. C
Avoidable. Avoidable costs are costs that can be eliminated by no longer engaging in a certain business or
operational activity. In this case, the corporation is eliminating the costs previously associated with running the
closed branch. Mixed costs are costs that are fixed until the company reaches a certain level of production.
While it is possible that the costs associated with the branch could have become variable given a certain degree
of productivity, the fact that these costs have been eliminated indicates that they are more likely avoidable
costs. Appraisal costs are the costs associated with inspecting and catching defective products as quickly as
possible. Employment costs are the costs associated with compensating employees for their work.
SOURCE: FI:658 Describe types of costs used in managerial accounting (e.g., direct cost, indirect cost, sunk
cost, differential cost, etc.)
SOURCE: AccountingTools. (2022, November 23). Avoidable cost definition. Retrieved January 10, 2023, from
https://www.accountingtools.com/articles/what-is-an-avoidable-cost.html

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2023 HS ICDC

FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

12

48. D
Companies use it to maximize profits. A marginal analysis compares the additional benefits and the additional
costs of a specific activity. Companies use marginal analysis as a decision-making tool to help them maximize
their potential profits. The goal of a marginal analysis is to determine if the costs associated with an activity will
lead to a benefit that is great enough to offset them. Essentially, companies hope that either the costs of an
activity equal the benefits, or the benefits outweigh the costs. When a company is looking to expand its
operations, a marginal analysis of the costs and benefits is necessary. To perform a marginal analysis,
companies should first understand the fixes and variable costs. Due to fixed costs not being likely to change,
the marginal cost is often equal to variable expenses.
SOURCE: FI:659 Describe marginal analysis techniques and applications
SOURCE: Hayes, A. (2023, January 4). Marginal analysis in business and microeconomics, with examples.
Retrieved January 9, 2023, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/m/marginal-analysis.asp
49. A
Marginal revenue exceeds marginal cost. The primary purpose of marginal analyses is to make sure that
businesses are profiting. Businesses profit when their marginal revenue (the increase in revenue that results
from the sale of an additional unit of output) is greater than the marginal cost (the costs required to produce an
additional unit of output). If marginal cost exceeds marginal value, then the company is taking a loss on the
production of that good or service. Opportunity costs are the gains or benefits that are lost when a business
decides not to invest resources into a certain activity or product. If the opportunity costs are at the same level as
marginal revenue or marginal cost, then the company is likely not profiting from that endeavor.
SOURCE: FI:659 Describe marginal analysis techniques and applications
SOURCE: Hayes, A. (2023, January 4). Marginal analysis in business and microeconomics, with examples.
Retrieved January 10, 2023, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/m/marginal-analysis.asp
50. D
Report internally. While financial accounting is mainly focused on reporting financial transactions to outside
entities such as investors, lenders, and governing organizations, managerial accounting is focused on reporting
financial information internally to aid decision-making. Managerial accountants do not play a significant role in
the hiring of employees, regardless of whether they are internal or external hires.
SOURCE: FI:660 Explain the nature of managerial accounting
SOURCE: CFI Team. (2022, December 1). Managerial accounting. Retrieved January 10, 2023, from
https://corporatefinanceinstitute.com/resources/accounting/managerial-accounting/
51. B
Board of directors. A company’s corporate governance is the system by which directors handle their
responsibility toward shareholders. There are many factors that impact corporate governance structures, such
as company size, company bylaws, and the influence of those on the board of directors (a group of people
chosen to govern the activities of a corporation). Suppliers (businesses from which other businesses buy goods
or services), auditors (accountants who verify financial data), and global citizens (those whose identity
transcends political borders) are not likely to greatly impact a company’s corporate governance.
SOURCE: PD:302 Identify the factors that impact governance structures
SOURCE: Chen, J. (2022, August 18). Corporate governance definition: How it works, principles, and
examples. Retrieved December 21, 2022, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/corporategovernance.asp

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2023 HS ICDC

FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

13

52. D
Variance. Variance is the difference between a budgeted or planned amount and an actual amount. Businesses
often conduct variance analyses when they want to identify the causes of disparities in planned and actual costs
or revenue. A cash flow analysis is the process of determining the amount of cash a business has to work with
at any given time. A break-even analysis is a study that determines the level at which revenues equal total
costs. An environmental analysis is the study of external forces that influence a business’s success. While
these other studies are relevant to financial analyses, they are not related to the identification of differences
between planned and actual behavior.
SOURCE: FI:661 Discuss the use of variance analysis in managerial accounting
SOURCE: AccountingTools. (2022, May 1). Variance analysis definition. Retrieved January 11, 2023, from
https://www.accountingtools.com/articles/what-is-variance-analysis.html
53. A
Managerial. Cost accounting is the process of assessing variable and fixed costs with the goal of determining a
company’s cost of production. This activity operates within a business and is mainly for internal use. Therefore,
it is a form of managerial accounting, which is the preparing and reporting of financial data to internal users in
order to make operational and business decisions. Financial accounting is the preparation and reporting of
financial data to external users who are not directly involved in business operations. Cost accounting is meant
for users who are directly involved in business operations; therefore, it does not fall in this category. Forensic
accounting is a type of accounting used for investigating financial crimes. Electric accounting is not a real type
of accounting.
SOURCE: FI:662 Discuss the nature of cost accounting budgets
SOURCE: Tuovila, A. (2022, September 28). Cost accounting: Definition and types with examples. Retrieved
January 11, 2023, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/cost-accounting.asp
54. C
Spread costs among departments. Cost allocation refers to the process of identifying, assigning, and
accumulating costs to a company's cost objects. Cost objects are any activity or item to which a company
assigns costs, which can be a product or product line, a project, or a department. Cost allocation helps a
company determine which parts of a business are responsible for which costs by spreading costs among
departments (not just one department). This process can help a company make better-informed decisions, both
in the short term and the long term. Companies that effectively allocate costs typically increase their profits and
lower their expenses. They do this by determining which cost objects are most profitable. If a cost object is not
profitable and is causing the business to pay more expenses, then the company would do further evaluations on
it.
SOURCE: FI:663 Discuss the nature of cost allocation
SOURCE: Corporate Finance Institute. (2022, December 5). Cost allocation. Retrieved January 9, 2023, from
https://corporatefinanceinstitute.com/resources/accounting/cost-allocation
55. B
Indirect. Indirect costs are expenses that are not directly related to the production of a good or service, such as
payroll, office supplies, or marketing campaigns. Direct costs are expenses that are directly related to a product
or service. Manufacturing costs are expenses associated with the physical manufacturing of products sold, such
as warehouse and machinery costs. Utilities are the charges for the use of electrical, gas, water, and waste
services.
SOURCE: FI:663 Discuss the nature of cost allocation
SOURCE: AccountingTools. (2022, June 12). Cost allocation definition. Retrieved January 11, 2023, from
https://www.accountingtools.com/articles/what-is-cost-allocation.html

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2023 HS ICDC

FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

14

56. D
Better decision-making. An advantage for a company that implements a financial management information
system is that it can lead to better decision-making. A financial management information system is used to help
a business or organization meet its financial obligations. This includes accumulating financial data and
analyzing it to help make better decisions. Information collected from a financial management information
system is often timely, reliable, accurate, and verifiable, which helps make the decision-making process easier
and faster. Other advantages of financial management information systems include improved planning,
increased accuracy, increased efficiency, and easier integration process. Less capacity to plan, more
inaccuracies, and decreased efficiency are not advantageous results of a financial management information
system.
SOURCE: FM:002 Explain the nature and scope of the financial-information management function
SOURCE: LaMarco, N. (2019, February 13). What are the benefits of a financial management information
system? Retrieved January 6, 2023, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/benefits-financialmanagement-information-system-71943.html
57. B
They help a company's different departments work together. An accounting information system (AIS) is used by
businesses to collect, store, manage, process, retrieve, and report financial data. An AIS helps different
departments in a company work together. Although accountants use the data collected by an AIS, they aren't
the only ones to use the data. Consultants, business analysts, tax agencies, chief financial offers, regulators,
auditors, and managers also use the information. An AIS uses both hardware and software to store and retrieve
data. An AIS does use internal controls, as they protect an AIS from computer viruses, hackers, and other
threats.
SOURCE: FM:002 Explain the nature and scope of the financial-information management function
SOURCE: Fontinelle, A. (2022, March 18). Introduction to accounting information systems (AIS). Retrieved
January 6, 2023, from https://www.investopedia.com/articles/professionaleducation/11/accountinginformation-systems.asp
58. B
Maintaining public faith. Following ethical financial accounting practices often leads to gaining or maintaining
public faith. Financial accounting ethics are used to ensure that accountants conduct their duties objectively and
with integrity. Financial accounting ethics form the basis for legal and regulatory requirements. In fact, they
include issues related to maintaining public trust. Companies that provide clear explanations about their
accounting methods appear to be more ethical and trustworthy than those who do not provide such information.
As a result, these companies are more likely to attract investors, rather than push them away. In addition,
companies that follow ethical financial accounting are more likely to avoid fines and sanctions. Unethical or
deceptive financial practices can lead to a company losing revenue.
SOURCE: FM:003 Explain the role of ethics in financial-information management
SOURCE: Carty, S-L. (n.d.). What are the advantages of financial accounting ethics? Retrieved January 6,
2023, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/advantages-financial-accounting-ethics-32960.html
59. C
Disclose positive and negative information. In financial management, the role of ethics is to balance, preserve,
and protect stakeholders' interests. A typical standard found in a code of ethics in finance is to disclose positive
and negative information. It is the responsibility of financial professionals to provide people with accurate,
relevant, objective (not subjective), and understandable information. This relevant information includes positive
and negative information in an effort to present the most accurate picture possible. Financial professionals
should avoid conflicts of interest and should not share confidential information and data.
SOURCE: FM:003 Explain the role of ethics in financial-information management
SOURCE: Sherman, F. (2019, November 5). Business ethics for a finance manager. Retrieved January 6,
2023, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/business-ethics-finance-manager-20490.html

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2023 HS ICDC

FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

15

60. B
Vertical. A vertical analysis is a financial analysis technique that reviews line items (such as those found on an
income statement) as a proportion of revenue. In other words, analysis occurs by looking up and down
(vertically) a financial document. A horizontal analysis is a financial analysis technique that looks at the yearover-year (YoY) change in each line item—looking left and right (horizontally) to conduct analyses. A SWOT
analysis is a marketing tool that investigates a business’s strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats. A
break-even analysis is the process of determining the level at which revenues equal total costs.
SOURCE: FM:009 Describe techniques used to analyze customer financial information
SOURCE: Corporate Financial Institute. (2022, December 5). Analysis of financial statements. Retrieved
January 4, 2023, from https://corporatefinanceinstitute.com/resources/accounting/analysis-offinancial-statements/
61. B
Ethical codes of conduct can support and go above and beyond legal compliance. People might be resistant to
include ethics in risk management if they feel that it is just another set of rules that they must follow. One way to
eliminate this barrier is to use ethical codes to not only meet legal requirements, but to also go above and
beyond them. Risk management professionals are already focused on compliance with the law. If ethics support
and encourage adherence to the spirit of the law, they will make compliance easier rather than complicating it.
It’s helpful to reward ethical behavior. Ethical risk management starts at the top. Leaders need to set the
precedent by acting ethically and encouraging the importance of ethics in risk management. That being said—
the entire organization needs to be involved in promoting ethics in risk management. Risk management is most
successful when everyone in an organization is informed and on board with the process.
SOURCE: RM:041 Explain the role of ethics in risk management
SOURCE: LAP-RM-041—Manage Risk the Right Way (Ethics in Risk Management)
62. A
Up-to-date data. A central data repository is a singular storage location for all of an organization's data.
Companies use central data repositories for their financial information because it provides benefits to
consistency, collaboration, and visibility. Central data repositories have several benefits for companies,
including keeping data up-to-date and consistent, faster responses to queries, better predictability, and
improved analysis. Inconsistent data, slower responses to queries, and less predictability are not intended
results of a central data repository.
SOURCE: FM:011 Describe the use of technology in the financial-information management function
SOURCE: Novak, S. (n.d.). 8 benefits of a central data repository. Retrieved January 6, 2023, from
https://www.premier-international.com/articles/8-benefits-of-a-central-data-repository
63. B
Operating budget. An operating budget helps companies forecast expected revenues and expenses for a period
of time, often a year. Operating budgets are often developed by a management team just prior to the beginning
of a determined fiscal period. There is no evidence Audrey’s budget is a promotional budget, which outlines the
amount of money a business plans to spend on promoting its goods and services during a certain period of
time. A long-term budget typically covers a time period of more than a year, such as 3, 5, or 10 years. A cash
budget looks specifically at cash inflows and outflows over a period of time, such as weekly, monthly, quarterly,
or annually.
SOURCE: FM:013 Demonstrate budgeting applications
SOURCE: AccountingTools. (2022, November 8). Operating budget definition. Retrieved January 5, 2023, from
https://www.accountingtools.com/articles/operating-budget

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2023 HS ICDC

FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

16

64. C
Company-wide support. A budget is an estimate of income and expenses for a specific period of time. Effective
budgets should be realistic, empowering, motivating, coordinated, and supported by members across an
organization. When a budget has company-wide support, it is more likely to be implemented effectively in
different departments as they work toward shared company goals. This example does not demonstrate
accuracy, motivation, or rewards.
SOURCE: FM:013 Demonstrate budgeting applications
SOURCE: Virginia Credit Union. (2023). 10 characteristics of the best budgets. Retrieved January 5, 2023, from
https://www.vacu.org/learn/financial-management/budgeting/10-characteristics-of-the-best-budgets
65. B
Benchmarking. Benchmarking is a financial analysis tool that helps companies see how they compare to their
competition in the same industry, using standards—or benchmarks—as points of reference for comparison and
evaluation. Financial forecasting uses a company’s historical performance data to predict its financial future.
Exporting is the process of selling goods and services to individuals, businesses, or governments in other
countries. Similar to phishing, smishing is an illegal activity that involves posing as a financial institution or other
business and sending fraudulent text messages requesting personal information such as account numbers and
passwords.
SOURCE: FM:014 Demonstrate financial analysis applications
SOURCE: Wealthspire Advisors. (2023). Benchmark. Retrieved January 4, 2023, from
https://www.wealthspire.com/financial-dictionary/benchmark/
66. D
It helps inform and support decision-making. Financial analysis is the process of planning, maintaining,
monitoring, controlling, and reporting the use of financial resources. The use of technology is instrumental in the
facilitation of timely, efficient financial analysis because it helps companies organize and glean information from
large sets of data. As a result, technology informs and supports decision-making by company leadership. The
use of technology does not only support outdated methodologies and is not reserved for legal corporations, as
technology is used—usually increasingly—in financial analysis by companies regardless of size or industry.
SOURCE: FM:014 Demonstrate financial analysis applications
SOURCE: TechFunnel. (2022, April 18). What is financial analysis? 6 reasons it is important. Retrieved January
5, 2023, from https://www.techfunnel.com/fintech/financial-analytics/
67. D
Lean. Lean production, often referred to simply as “lean,” is a quality-control method that focuses on maximizing
customer value while minimizing waste. Six Sigma is a popular quality-management methodology that relies on
a five-step approach to improve any business process. Lean Six Sigma is an offshoot of traditional Six Sigma
methodology that nevertheless prioritizes waste elimination. Sustainability is the successful long-term
management of an organization’s financial, social, and environmental risks, opportunities, and obligations.
Licensing involves issuing a government permit that allows an individual or a business to function in the
marketplace.
SOURCE: FM:016 Discuss non-traditional uses for financial information (e.g., lean, sustainability reporting,
activity-based costing [ABC], six sigma)
SOURCE: Purdue University. (2021, June 7). Six sigma vs lean six sigma: What’s the difference? Retrieved
January 5, 2023, from https://www.purdue.edu/leansixsigmaonline/blog/six-sigma-vs-lean-six-sigma/

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2023 HS ICDC

FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

17

68. B
Promotion and place. The cell phone company is prioritizing the marketing elements of promotion and place.
Promotion is a marketing function needed to communicate information about goods, services, images, and/or
ideas with customers to achieve a desired outcome. The company focusing its marketing efforts on
communicating with others demonstrates the use of promotion. Place is focused on considerations in getting a
selected product in the right place at the right time. The company focusing on putting its products in an
accessible location demonstrates the use of the place marketing element. Product refers to what goods,
services, or ideas a business will offer its customers, while price is the amount of money marketers will ask in
exchange for their products. There aren’t any indications that the cell phone company is using the product or
price marketing elements.
SOURCE: MK:001 Explain marketing and its importance in a global economy
SOURCE: LAP-MK-901—Have It Your Way! (Nature of Marketing)
69. B
You should learn basic HTML code. HTML is the building block of web pages, as it is the code that makes the
web page work. A basic understanding of HTML will help you build and maintain your pages. You will need a
web editor to build a web page, as you type HTML into the web editor. From there, you can build your page in
the web editor and save it to a hard drive, where you will then upload your page to a host. A host is necessary,
as a web page cannot exist without one. It is important to preview your web page before you save it and before
you make the web page live, as you want to make sure there aren't any mistakes or inconsistencies on your
page.
SOURCE: NF:042 Create and post basic web page
SOURCE: Kyrnin, J. (2020, January 30). How to build your first web page. Retrieved February 2, 2023, from
https://www.thoughtco.com/how-to-build-a-web-page-3466384
70. B
Focus group. A focus group is a group formed for the purpose of discussing a specific topic. Focus groups can
be an efficient way to receive a range and depth of information in a short period of time. Observation,
interviews, and surveys are other procedures that can be used for obtaining information, but none are
necessarily conducted in a group discussion. A survey group is a fictitious term.
SOURCE: NF:078 Obtain needed information efficiently
SOURCE: McNamara, C. (2022, January 18). Overview of basic methods to collect information. Retrieved
September 12, 2022, from https://managementhelp.org/businessresearch/methods.htm
71. D
Information is better protected. Personal privacy is one of the main ethical issues in information management.
When ethics are considered and followed in information management, it is more likely your information will be
better protected. In addition, it is less likely your personal privacy will be invaded, your personal files will be
corrupted, or piracy will occur. Invasion of personal privacy, piracy, and corruption of personal files are all
unethical actions in information management.
SOURCE: NF:111 Explain the role of ethics in information management
SOURCE: GeeksforGeeks. (2020, January 27). Ethical issues in information technology (IT). Retrieved
September 12, 2022, from https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/ethical-issues-in-information-technology-it

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2023 HS ICDC

FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

18

72. D
Standard format. Data normalization involves creating a standard format for all data within an organization. By
standardizing the format of all data, businesses can conduct more accurate and efficient information analyses.
Data normalization can also lead to more space being available within a database, faster answers to questions,
and better segmentation. Data normalization does not typically involve creating a search query, group
command, or anomaly set for all data within an organization.
SOURCE: NF:124 Demonstrate advanced database applications
SOURCE: Watts, S. (2020, April 21). What is data normalization? Retrieved January 4, 2023,
from https://www.bmc.com/blogs/data-normalization/
73. C
Detect the possibility of fraud. Benford’s Law explores the distribution of digits in a large, randomly-generated
set of natural numbers. In this data set, the most frequent leading digit is 1, followed by 2, 3, 4, etc.,
exponentially decreasing until the least frequent leading digit, 9. When applied to data analytics and financial
statements, this law helps identify possible deviations from this pattern, which could indicate fraudulently
manufactured numbers. Benford’s Law does not necessarily locate the break-even point, predict financial
performance, or disseminate information.
SOURCE: NF:124 Demonstrate advanced database applications
SOURCE: Sarkar, T. (2018, October 25). What is Benford’s Law and why is it important for data science?
Retrieved January 4, 2023, from https://towardsdatascience.com/what-is-benfords-law-and-why-is-itimportant-for-data-science-312cb8b61048
74. B
24 hours. If there is an accident in the workplace, an initial report should be completed and sent to the
necessary individuals within 24 hours of the incident. Once the initial report is completed, a follow-up report that
details recommended action should be started within 48 hours and completed within 30 days. In terms of filing
an initial report, 1 week, 10 days, and 3 weeks are all too long to wait to complete it.
SOURCE: OP:010 Handle and report emergency situations
SOURCE: CBIA. (2015, October 13). Responding to workplace accidents. Retrieved September 14, 2022, from
https://www.cbia.com/resources/hr-safety/responding-to-workplace-accidents
75. A
Time theft. Time theft occurs when an employee spends company time on personal matters, such as texting or
playing games, when they should be working. Time theft causes a loss in productivity and, eventually,
profitability as well. Phil is not guilty of unethical inventory management or misusing company equipment. Phil
playing games on his phone doesn't demonstrate impartiality.
SOURCE: OP:190 Discuss the role of ethics in operations
SOURCE: LAP-OP-190—Above Board (Ethics in Operations)

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2023 HS ICDC

FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

19

76. C
Confidential. Confidential information is meant to be held in confidence, meaning that there is an expectation
that the information will only be shared when authorized and with authorized individuals. Confidential
information typically cannot be shared without the express consent of the client. Joe’s boss asked him not to
share important client information so it would remain with only authorized individuals and, therefore, be
confidential. Public information is information that is widely available. On the record information is that which is
used in reference to the making of an official or public statement. Personal information is information that can
be used to distinguish or trace an individual's identity. Personal information doesn’t necessarily have to be
confidential.
SOURCE: OP:441 Explain information privacy, security, and confidentiality considerations in business
SOURCE: Findlaw. (2020, March 18). Is there a difference between confidentiality and privacy? Retrieved
September 14, 2022, from https://www.findlaw.com/criminal/criminal-rights/is-there-a-differencebetween-confidentiality-and-privacy.html
77. B
Impacted by the project's leadership. Whoever is in charge of the project has an impact on how it is planned.
Russell is known for his organization skills, has a habit of planning ahead on projects, and tends to set smaller
project goals for his team members. As a result, his team's plans are in line with his, as they work diligently to
achieve these short-term goals, which helps the long-term plans of the project. This is not an example of how
planning is influenced by the potential risks, affected by the project's budget, or emphasized by the political
environment.
SOURCE: OP:519 Plan project
SOURCE: LAP-OP-519—Plan On It! (Planning Projects)
78. C
Peer. Toby’s dilemma with his feuding friends is a peer problem. Problems with peers occur among people who
are similar in age and background. This type of problem can range from a simple misunderstanding to a fullblown conflict. Although Toby’s problem may affect his personal life, life at school, or life at work, it is a peer
problem at its core.
SOURCE: PD:077 Demonstrate problem-solving skills
SOURCE: LAP-PD-077—No Problem (Demonstrating Problem-Solving Skills)
79. C
Insurance. There are many potential careers within the insurance industry, which exists to protect individuals
and businesses from financial losses. The insurance industry delivers “products” that transfer risk from an
individual or business to an insurance company. Positions within the insurance industry include benefits
consultant, underwriter, actuary, and claims adjuster. People who work in corporate finance are in charge of
finding money for their company and then making sure that money is managed correctly. Banking services
careers are primarily concerned with accepting deposits, lending funds, and extending credit, but they also deal
with things like cash management, short-term investments, mortgages and other loans, credit cards, and bill
payment. The securities and investments industry supports the flow of funds from investors to companies and
institutions. A claims adjuster would not work within corporate finance, banking services, or securities and
investments.
SOURCE: PD:152 Discuss employment opportunities in the finance industry
SOURCE: LAP-PD-152—Career Opportunities in Finance

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2023 HS ICDC

FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

20

80. A
Investigating fraud. Any job that involves the management of money is considered a finance job. When you’re
working in finance, you might investigate fraud, help someone with their taxes, or handle the finances of a large
company. Entrepreneurs, rather than those within the finance industry, are often responsible for growing a
business, sometimes from small operations to organizations that employ thousands of workers. Advertising
products is a task that typically falls to those with careers in marketing. Planning a vacation—as well as helping
guests at a resort and working at a restaurant, for example—are responsibilities within the hospitality and
tourism industry.
SOURCE: PD:152 Discuss employment opportunities in the finance industry
SOURCE: LAP-PD-152—Career Opportunities in Finance
81. D
Joining a professional association can help with networking. Professional organizations, including those in the
finance industry, offer many benefits, including quality networking, help with continuing education, and industry
support. Those working in the financial industry—such as financial advisors—are not required to join a
professional association, but they are likely to benefit from doing so. No professional associations are the same,
so even those within the finance industry will vary by cost, size, history, and specialty. The finance industry
offers many associations at different levels, including national, regional, state, etc.
SOURCE: PD:153 Discuss opportunities for building professional relationships in finance
SOURCE: Cussen, M.P. (2022, October 31). 4 associations financial advisors should join. Retrieved January 4,
2023, from https://www.investopedia.com/articles/financial-advisors/121515/4-professionalassociations-advisors-should-join.asp
82. C
A flexible work schedule. Policies such as flexible start and end times, allowing for remote days, and a reduced
workweek help encourage a healthy work-life balance. Restricting maternity leave, making employees work
weekends, and not allowing paid leave to roll over into the next year do not encourage a healthy work-life
balance, because these policies often require employees to work with little time for life outside of work.
SOURCE: PD:179 Balance personal and professional responsibilities
SOURCE: Heathfield, S. (2020, January 1). How to encourage work-life balance for employees. Retrieved
September 15, 2022, from https://www.liveabout.com/top-ways-to-encourage-employee-workbalance-1919353
83. C
Balances the interests of different stakeholders. A company’s corporate governance is the system by which
directors handle their responsibility toward shareholders. Corporate governance is important because it helps
balance the interests of different stakeholders in the efficient running of a company. Effective corporate
governance helps avoid scandals and bankruptcy. It also helps companies cooperate with auditors, leading to
the publication of compliant financial documents, as well as makes it easier to oust ineffective leaders on the
board of directors.
SOURCE: PD:213 Discuss the importance of corporate governance in business
SOURCE: Chen, J. (2022, August 18). Corporate governance definition: How it works, principles, and
examples. Retrieved December 21, 2022, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/corporategovernance.asp

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2023 HS ICDC

FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

21

84. A
Limited profitability. A company’s corporate governance is the system by which directors handle their
responsibility toward shareholders. Governance processes can act as a framework for reaching company goals
and objectives, as corporate governance is part of nearly all areas of management and strategy, and it greatly
impacts decision-making. Therefore, poorly-executed corporate governance can result in negative
consequences for a business, such as limiting its profitability. Increased ethics, decreased risk, and greater
payroll are not typically consequences of poorly-executed corporate governance.
SOURCE: PD:213 Discuss the importance of corporate governance in business
SOURCE: Chen, J. (2022, August 18). Corporate governance: How it works, principles, and examples.
Retrieved January 4, 2023, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/corporategovernance.asp
85. C
Fiduciary. A company’s board of directors—a group of people chosen to govern the activities of a corporation—
make decisions on behalf of the company as a fiduciary. A fiduciary is an entity that acts on behalf of another,
putting that client’s interests ahead of their own. A board of directors is responsible for making decisions that
will benefit the company and its stakeholders (and not simply themselves). A company’s board of directors does
not act as president or consumers. An actuary is a person who assesses risk.
SOURCE: PD:214 Describe the components of a well-governed company (e.g., board of directors, reporting,
transparency, internal and external audit functions)
SOURCE: Chen, J. (2022, April 14). Board of directors: What it is, what its role is. Retrieved December 21,
2022, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/b/boardofdirectors.asp
86. D
Transparency. Transparency involves maintaining open and honest communications, which establishes
trustworthiness. When the company’s board of directors provides timely, accurate, and clear information, it is
being transparent about the status and performance of the company. Transparency is an important component
of a well-governed company. Fairness is the ability to make judgments and act without favoritism or selfinterest. Accountability is accepting responsibility for decisions. Respect is honoring the rights, freedoms, views,
and property of others. Fairness, accountability, and respect are important elements of corporate governance,
but they are not demonstrated in this example.
SOURCE: PD:214 Describe the components of a well-governed company (e.g., board of directors, reporting,
transparency, internal and external audit functions)
SOURCE: Chen, J. (2022, August 18). Corporate governance definition: How it works, principles, and
examples. Retrieved December 21, 2022, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/corporategovernance.asp
87. A
It is easier to assess organizational progress. Setting clear, overarching goals allows organizations to have a
coherent and united vision and monitor their progress toward achieving those goals over time. Having
organizational goals does not necessarily mean that organizations will have fewer expenses in their day-to-day
operations. Having organizational goals does not mean that organizations cannot change or shift directions if
needed. Channel management is still needed for most companies, regardless of their organizational goals.
SOURCE: PD:254 Determine the nature of organizational goals
SOURCE: Gartenstein, D. (2019, February 12). Why is goal setting important in organizations? Retrieved
September 15, 2022, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/goal-setting-important-organizations2509.html

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2023 HS ICDC

FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

22

88. A
Increased job satisfaction. Governance objectives are company goals that serve as the foundation for company
culture and decision-making. It’s important to involve employees in achieving governance objectives, as this can
lead to increased job satisfaction and a positive attitude. Union support is a strategy used to increase employee
involvement in the achievement of governance objects, rather than a benefit or consequence of it. Greater
profits are a benefit experienced by the company rather than individual employees. Involving employees in
achieving governance objectives often leads to greater, not reduced, communication.
SOURCE: PD:301 Ascertain employee's role in achieving governance objectives
SOURCE: Kinsey, A. (2020, July 13). How to align employees with company goals. Retrieved January 4, 2023,
from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/align-employees-company-goals-11667.html
89. A
$4,000. A variance is the difference between a budgeted amount and an actual amount. A variance analysis is
the quantitative investigation of the difference between a planned outcome and the actual outcome. When
conducting a variance analysis in this situation, $4,000 is the variance, as the difference between $20,000 and
$16,000 is $4,000.
SOURCE: FI:661 Discuss the use of variance analysis in managerial accounting
SOURCE: Bragg, S. (2022, May 1). Variance analysis definition. Retrieved January 9, 2023, from
https://www.accountingtools.com/articles/what-is-variance-analysis.html
90. C
Demonstrate social responsibility. A company’s corporate governance is the system by which directors handle
their responsibility toward shareholders. The company’s main responsibility toward shareholders is to be
profitable—but many stakeholders want companies to be socially responsible, too. Corporate social
responsibility is the duty of businesses to contribute to the well-being of society, such as through environmental
awareness and ethical behavior. Corporate governance can facilitate the raising (not lowering) of capital, and it
should not increase the chance of corruption. Appointing government officers is not a responsibility of
companies.
SOURCE: PD:302 Identify the factors that impact governance structures
SOURCE: Chen, J. (2022, August 18). Corporate governance definition: How it works, principles, and
examples. Retrieved December 21, 2022, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/corporategovernance.asp
91. D
Structure. The McKinsey 7-S model is used for strategic planning and involves seven S-components: strategy,
structure, systems, shared values, skills, style, and staff. The structure component of the McKinsey 7-S model
assesses the company’s organizational hierarchy (e.g., the chain of command, managerial configuration, and
employee responsibilities). Therefore, the structure component is mostly likely to assess the company’s
management functions. The shared values component (norms within the company), strategy component (the
company’s long-term plan), and skills component (staff’s abilities) are less likely to assess the company’s
management functions.
SOURCE: PD:303 Describe the impact of governance processes on decision-making and management
functions
SOURCE: Kenton, W. (2021, August 14). How to use the McKinsey 7-S Model for strategic planning. Retrieved
December 21, 2022, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/m/mckinsey-7s-model.asp

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2023 HS ICDC

FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

23

92. A
A framework for. A company’s corporate governance is the system by which directors handle their responsibility
toward shareholders. Governance processes can act as a framework for reaching company goals and
objectives, as corporate governance is part of nearly all areas of management and strategy, and it greatly
impacts decision-making. Governance processes do not act as a bulwark (protection) against reaching
company goals; instead, they help companies achieve them. Governance processes also do not serve as
stakeholders or brainstorming activities.
SOURCE: PD:303 Describe the impact of governance processes on decision-making and management
functions
SOURCE: Chen, J. (2022, August 18). Corporate governance definition: How it works, principles, and
examples. Retrieved December 21, 2022, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/corporategovernance.asp
93. D
Ethical. Insurance is one significant aspect of risk management, and dealing with insurance companies
presents a whole new array of ethical issues. One of these is the decision whether to purchase certain types of
insurance that are not required by law, such as flood insurance. Insurance is costly, so management might be
tempted to avoid any unnecessary costs. However, managers expose the business to risk when doing so. In
general, risk managers must look out for the best interests of the employees and companies rather than
shirking their responsibilities. This scenario is not an example of technological, political, or financial issues in
risk management.
SOURCE: RM:041 Explain the role of ethics in risk management
SOURCE: LAP-RM-041—Manage Risk the Right Way (Ethics in Risk Management)
94. B
Horizontal. A horizontal analysis is a financial analysis technique that looks at data over multiple periods, such
as year-over-year (YoY). In other words, horizontal analysis occurs by looking left and right (horizontally) across
a collection of company financial statements over time. A vertical analysis is a financial analysis technique that
reviews line items (such as those found on an income statement) as a proportion of revenue. It occurs by
looking up and down (vertically) a financial document. A SWOT analysis is a marketing tool that investigates a
business’s strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats. A break-even analysis is the process of
determining the level at which revenues equal total costs.
SOURCE: FM:009 Describe techniques used to analyze customer financial information
SOURCE: Tuovila, A. (2022, December 14). Horizontal analysis: What it is vs. vertical analysis. Retrieved
January 5, 2023, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/h/horizontalanalysis.asp
95. D
Risk model. A risk model is a tool used to help businesses predict risk for a given strategy or initiative. By
inputting certain data or goals into a system, the risk model then provides a prediction (e.g., investment analysis
or operational patterns) that helps leadership with decision-making. Retroactive risks are those that have
previously occurred. A risk checklist is a standardized list of risks that a business faces on a regular basis used
to speed up the risk-identification process. Risk tolerance is a measure of how much risk an investor is willing to
accept in exchange for potentially high returns.
SOURCE: RM:042 Describe the use of technology in risk management
SOURCE: Meinert, K. (2016). Risk modeling: What to know about risk models. Retrieved December 21, 2022,
from https://www.hni.com/blog/risk-modeling-what-to-know-about-risk-models

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2023 HS ICDC

FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

24

96. C
Reduced liability exposure. One risk that many companies face is liability associated with their products. Many
products carry the risk of harming or injuring customers. Risk management is concerned with protecting
companies from being liable if their products cause harm, and effective risk management helps reduce a
company’s liability exposure. It also increases, not decreases, an organization’s compliance with laws. Effective
risk management can lead to improved operational efficiency and increased workplace safety, but those are not
necessarily legal results.
SOURCE: RM:043 Discuss legal considerations affecting risk management
SOURCE: Tucci, L. (2021, October 12). What is risk management and why is it important? Retrieved December
21, 2022, from https://www.techtarget.com/searchsecurity/definition/What-is-risk-management-andwhy-is-it-important
97. C
Changes in import laws. No matter how big or small an organization is, it will face many types of risks, both
external and internal. External risk factors include economic risk (e.g., changes in market conditions), natural
risk (e.g., natural disasters), and political risk (e.g., changes in import and export laws). Internal risk factors
include human-factor risk (e.g., union strikes and ineffective leadership), technological risk (e.g., outdated
technology), and physical risk (e.g., damage to company assets).
SOURCE: RM:058 Discuss the nature of risk control (i.e., internal and external)
SOURCE: Beers, B. (2022, November 28). How companies can reduce internal and external business risk.
Retrieved December 21, 2022, from https://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/050115/how-cancompanies-reduce-internal-and-external-business-risk.asp
98. C
Injured employees. No matter how big or small an organization is, it will face many types of risks, both internal
and external. Internal risk factors include human-factor risk (e.g., injured or dishonest employees), technological
risk (e.g., outdated technology), and physical risk (e.g., damage to company assets). External risk factors
include economic risk (e.g., an economic downturn), natural risk (e.g., an earthquake), and political risk (e.g.,
changes in import and export laws).
SOURCE: RM:058 Discuss the nature of risk control (i.e., internal and external)
SOURCE: Beers, B. (2022, November 28). How companies can reduce internal and external business risk.
Retrieved December 21, 2022, from https://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/050115/how-cancompanies-reduce-internal-and-external-business-risk.asp
99. D
Firmwide strategy. Enterprise risk management is a firmwide, top-down business strategy that involves
planning, controlling, preventing, and procedures used by management to limit company losses. This
nontraditional approach considers risk management from the perspective of the entire organization rather than
by distinct business units. Given its comprehensiveness, enterprise risk management is not typically described
as divisive.
SOURCE: RM:062 Discuss the nature of enterprise risk management (ERM)
SOURCE: Hayes, A. (2022, September 7). Enterprise risk management (ERM): What is it and how it works.
Retrieved December 21, 2022, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/e/enterprise-riskmanagement.asp

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2023 HS ICDC

FINANCE CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

25

100. B
Preventative. Enterprise risk management is a firmwide, top-down business strategy that involves planning,
controlling, preventing, and procedures used by management to limit company losses. As part of their
enterprise risk management implementation, companies typically conduct control activities to help mitigate risk.
Control activities (or internal controls) can be preventative, which means stopping something before it happens
(e.g., placing a keypad at the entry of a sensitive area). Or, internal controls can be detective, which means
recognizing when something has happened (e.g., setting an alarm to sound when a sensitive area has been
breached). Quality control is a process businesses use to check for defects after products have been produced.
Self-control is the restraint of feelings, words, and actions.
SOURCE: RM:062 Discuss the nature of enterprise risk management (ERM)
SOURCE: Hayes, A. (2022, September 7). Enterprise risk management (ERM): What is it and how it works.
Retrieved December 21, 2022, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/e/enterprise-riskmanagement.asp

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

