1. After being fired from his job, Jack wrote blog posts in which he criticized his former company and all of its employees. He made many negative comments, most of which were untrue. What tort is Jack committing?
A. Battery
B. Invasion of privacy
C. Defamation
D. Negligence

2. Patents, trademarks, and copyrights are all methods used to protect
A. houses and apartments
B. physical inventions
C. intellectual property
D. government secrets

3. What types of businesses can be owned by thousands of stockholders?
A. General partnerships
B. Open corporations
C. Close corporations
D. Sole proprietorships

4. A business owner who prefers to maintain complete control of all business activities might consider structuring the venture as a(n)
A. sole proprietorship
B. general partnership
C. "S" corporation
D. limited liability company

5. Channels of distribution benefit businesses by
A. allowing them to avoid all channel tasks
B. lowering the prices of all industrial goods
C. raising their profits each year
D. getting their products to consumers more efficiently

6. A farmer with a produce stand in the yard is an example of a __________ distribution channel.
A. producer to consumer
B. producer to agent to consumer
C. producer to retailer to consumer
D. producer to wholesaler to consumer

7. The best way to evaluate the channel members in an international supply chain is often by using a(n)
A. global distribution center
B. international monetary fund
C. global industry benchmarking system
D. international trade center

8. The ultimate purpose of preparing a long, complex, business report is usually to
A. be well-organized
B. present all views
C. help with major decisions
D. present accurate data

9. Which of the following is an example of a brand promise:
A. Low credit terms are available for qualified customers until January 2025
B. Leather sofas only $499 this weekend—buy now at Fred's Furniture Warehouse
C. Henderson Photography...uniquely capturing your special moments is our priority
D. For your convenience, four Cup O' Joe locations are open in the greater metro area

10. Which of the following statements is true about a mixed economy:
A. The government is the primary economic decision maker and also regulates individual and business behavior
B. Individuals are the primary economic decision makers, and businesses control and regulate the system
C. Businesses are the primary economic decision makers, and the government controls the system
D. Individuals and businesses are the primary economic decision makers, and the government helps regulate the system

11. Which of the following is an example of an operating expense for a business:
A. Cost of goods
B. Employees' withholding
C. Revenues
D. Utilities

12. Economies of scale are highly dependent on average
A. marginal cost
B. total cost
C. revenue
D. marginal revenue

13. Which of the following causes the greatest number of cultural sensitivity issues:
A. Communication
B. Level of comfort with uncertainty
C. Globalization
D. Relationships to time and space

14. Porter said to the group, "If we agree to proceed with this plan, the company's profitability will increase substantially. Because the company will be saving a lot of money, we are more likely to receive a higher pay increase next year." Porter is persuading the group members by
A. expressing empathy
B. promoting benefits
C. exerting his authority
D. arguing on minor points

15. When employees demonstrate adaptability, they are able to be
A. aggressive
B. flexible
C. honest
D. creative

16. One reason that an excellent business vision is general rather than specific is that
A. employees must be told exactly what to do
B. it must be short term
C. everyone in the organization must be able to relate to it
D. it must be compelling and energizing

17. Gianna is attempting to build a strategic relationship with Nico, who is an influential member of the local business community. What is one technique Gianna could use to build the relationship?
A. Establishing dominance and control
B. Finding a shared vision
C. Seeking a deal as quickly as possible
D. Focusing on Nico's shortcomings

18. Which of the following techniques is the best example of leveraging existing business relationships:
A. Deleting negative client reviews
B. Avoiding meeting new people
C. Calling clients just to say hello
D. Sending holiday cards to clients

19. Which of the following businesses is the best example of an entrepreneurial venture:
A. A juice bar decides to purchase trucks to sell juice on location during special events
B. A veterinarian invents and sells a device to prevent horse water troughs from freezing
C. A pumpkin farm offers pumpkin carving and costume contests to create more interest
D. A bakery creates a "cretzel," a cross between a crescent and a pretzel, as a new product

20. Which of the following attitudes should an entrepreneur have about new technological developments:
A. New technologies should be applied to all business practices
B. New technologies are overrated and should be avoided
C. The impact of new technologies should always be evaluated
D. The benefits of new technologies do not outweigh their high cost

21. Which of the following statements regarding international trade is true:
A. Companies shipping internationally must use freight-forwarding services
B. Only large companies typically benefit from conducting international trade
C. Internet-based companies can easily become involved in international trade
D. Foreign language skills are required to conduct international trade

22. One factor that an entrepreneur should consider when assessing a venture opportunity is whether it will
A. involve complicated paperwork
B. require employee loyalty
C. lead to more opportunities
D. satisfy vendors' needs

23. Which of the following statements about feasibility studies is true:
A. The feasibility study is essentially the written business model
B. A feasibility study is not necessary if similar businesses already exist
C. Each feasibility study must focus on only one potential business model
D. The feasibility study is completed before the business plan is developed

24. One-time startup costs often include __________ fees:
A. website maintenance
B. shipping and postage
C. trade association
D. incorporation

25. Which of the following situations is an example of a social risk that is associated with starting a new business:
A. When Nigel started his new business, he took out a bank loan and used his home as collateral
B. As a new business owner, Cassidy is so worried about failing that she develops an ulcer
C. Adam is working 14 hours a day at his new company and is not spending time with friends
D. Julie, a successful businessperson, is willing to quit her job to start a new business

26. Evan does not want the legal obligation of repaying a loan and is willing to share profits with others. Which of the following options is Evan most likely to select to fund a new venture:
A. Community bank
B. Collateral savings
C. Trade credit
D. Private equity

27. Which of the following questions would Allison ask herself when deciding if she should hire an assistant for her growing business:
A. Can I trust this person to get the work done on time?
B. How will I recruit applicants for the job?
C. Does the workload require a full-time or part-time employee?
D. Does this applicant meet my minimal educational requirements?

28. Although hiring a highly skilled employee is an added expense, a business owner benefits because the employee's activities increase the firm's overall productivity based on his/her
A. attitude
B. self-control
C. expertise
D. inability

29. Because the MBC Company has one location that services the eastern part of the country and another location that services the western part of the country, the company's workflow is organized by
A. territory
B. work teams
C. authority
D. relationship

30. Small-business owners often obtain ideas for new venture opportunities when they
A. analyze their companies' sales reports
B. talk with their customers and vendors
C. apply for a commercial bank loan
D. revise their operating budgets

31. When Deanna, a small-business owner, allocates 6% of her company's profit to product development, she is investing which type of resource:
A. Financial
B. Fundamental
C. Strategic
D. Structural

32. A car company has decided to invest less in its successful pickup truck and to use those funds instead on the development of its new hybrid vehicle. This is an example of
A. risk mitigation
B. a marketing plan
C. a harvest strategy
D. the discovery process

33. Which of the following presents the first three steps in the accounting cycle in the correct order:
A. Analyze, post, and journalize
B. Analyze, journalize, and post
C. Post, analyze and journalize
D. Post, journalize, and analyze

34. Pete is preparing a cash flow statement for his new business. If the startup costs are $27,645 and he has $36,200 cash, how much cash is available for Pete to operate the business?
A. $9,125
B. $7,545
C. $8,555
D. $8,265

35. Le' Grand Hotel experienced record profits and chose to reinvest those profits back into the hotel for a major remodeling project. Where would these retained earnings be represented on a balance sheet?
A. Under revenue
B. Under assets
C. Under contributed capital
D. Under stockholders' equity

36. One reason why creditors review a business's income statement is to decide if the business will be able to
A. develop new products
B. expand operations
C. increase staff
D. repay a loan

37. When a business seeks to establish a budget or make major business decisions, what type of accounting does it use?
A. Financial accounting
B. Managerial accounting
C. Forensic accounting
D. Internal auditing

38. Businesses that obtain credit from banks usually are required to provide acceptable
A. collateral
B. technology
C. promotion
D. compensation

39. A small restaurant wants to expand, but first it needs to raise funds. John wants to raise capital through debt financing, but his partner, Damien, isn't sure that's a good idea. What is one downside of debt financing that Damien could cite to prove his point to John?
A. Shareholders will own part of their business
B. They will have to pay interest on the borrowed amount
C. They will need to sell stock in their business
D. They will be required to repay the money immediately

40. Which of the following is an intangible benefit that might be included in a cost-benefit analysis:
A. Increased profits
B. Decreased expenses
C. Reduced employee turnover
D. Increased convenience

41. The CEO of a medium-sized business asked the top five executives to each prepare a sales forecast for the upcoming year. The forecasts were then averaged together to get the composite forecast. What method of forecasting was used?
A. Jury of executive opinion
B. Sales force composite
C. The Delphi technique
D. Survey of buyer intentions

42. Which of the following equations should employees know when they are verifying the accuracy of a business's balance sheet:
A. Owner's Equity = Available Cash - Liabilities
B. Assets = Liabilities + Owner's Equity
C. Assets = Owner's Equity - Liabilities
D. Owner's Equity = Liabilities + Available Cash

43. Which of the following phrases is most likely to be listed in an official job description:
A. "Possess an associate's degree or higher"
B. “Have 10-15 years' experience”
C. “Able to work closely with others”
D. “Edit company newsletter”

44. What is a factor that a growing business might consider when determining hiring needs?
A. The business's sampling plan
B. Type of application required
C. Employee to customer ratio
D. Bonuses that customers demand

45. One of the benefits to the business of an effective employee selection procedure is a(n)
A. reduction in the need for orientation
B. rapid rate of employee turnover
C. appropriate match of employees to jobs
D. good supply of employees to train

46. What type of information about employees do most businesses maintain in their personnel records?
A. Family history
B. Political affiliation
C. Past work experience
D. Country of origin

47. When a supervisor must take disciplinary action, the supervisor should adopt a __________ attitude.
A. stern
B. critical
C. wait-and-see
D. nonjudgmental

48. Why is it important for businesses to obtain marketing information about economic conditions, political systems, and technological changes throughout the world?
A. To understand geography
B. To remain competitive
C. To import products
D. To eliminate trade quotas

49. Businesses need a great deal of information to make effective decisions and solve specific problems. This information is usually obtained through
A. marketing research
B. financial management
C. observation
D. data analysis

50. The marketing function that includes creating strategies to attract the target customer to a business is
A. market planning
B. pricing
C. marketing-information management
D. channel management

 51. For the strategy of conducting customer surveys, with tactics including contacting customers and tabulating survey results, which of the following is the goal:
A. Improving this year's customer satisfaction by 7% over last year's ratings
B. Improving this year's telemarketing skills by 7% over last year's skills
C. Improving this year's proposal writing by 7% over last year's writing
D. Improving this year's sales training results by 7% over last year's results

52. A purpose of market identification is to focus the marketer's selling efforts on the __________ market.
A. retail
B. consumer
C. target
D. industrial

53. When analyzing market potential, businesses often look at consumer psychographic factors, such as personality characteristics and
A. occupation
B. gender
C. income
D. lifestyles

54. Which of the following is a factor that new businesses consider when conducting an analysis of competitors in a specific market:
A. Size and availability of space
B. Product quality and price
C. Cost of supplies and equipment
D. Industry research and training

55. One of the objectives in a business's marketing plan is to increase sales by 15% by reaching more customers. What dollar amount is 15% if the business currently has 250 customers who each spend $10,000 per year?
A. $425,000
B. $250,000
C. $375,000
D. $515,000

56. Which of the following is a true statement about information:
A. It is simple to manage
B. It is data put into a useful form
C. It is the same thing as data
D. It has no value for an organization

57. Which of the following is a specification that a business might establish for selecting spreadsheet software programs:
A. Regularly organize customer information
B. Electronically communicate data
C. Graphically display financial information
D. Digitally produce marketing data

58. Trent was reviewing a business record that did not reflect updated information. The quality of the business record was compromised because it was
A. irrelevant
B. unavailable
C. unorganized
D. inaccurate

59. Company B's management has determined that it must downsize. Three persons in the customer service department will lose their jobs. Which of the following records can management use to help them determine which employees to keep:
A. Human resources records
B. Production records
C. R&D records
D. Inventory records

60. Running out of inventory can result in
A. more satisfied customers
B. higher taxes
C. higher productivity
D. lost sales

61. Which of the following is an example of a safety procedure that a business might require its employees to follow:
A. Review products to ensure quality standards are met
B. Place equipment in front of the business's emergency exits
C. Wear protective headgear when working in hazardous areas
D. Store supplies in the facility's offices, closets, and aisles

62. An important consideration when coordinating sequential tasks with team members is
A. timing
B. durability
C. pricing
D. credibility

63. Planning the quantities to produce is an important part of production planning because it helps
A. prevent losses to the business
B. sequence the steps in production
C. increase consumer demand for the product
D. locate the resources needed for the product

64. Which of the following is a true statement regarding operating costs:
A. Only some businesses have them
B. They are fixed expenses
C. They occur once or twice a year
D. They are not directly related to production

65. Service contract A costs $1,500 yearly and includes 12 service calls each year. Service contract B costs $600 yearly and charges $70 per call up to 12 calls each year. Which contract is less expensive and by what amount?
A. Contract A by $80
B. Contract B by $50
C. Contract B by $60
D. Contract A by $70

66. One tool a business can use to control expenses is a(n)
A. ratio
B. balance sheet
C. budget
D. income statement

67. Which of the following must occur for supply chain management to be successful:
A. Few people should be involved in operations
B. Producers should be in contact with final customers
C. Emphasis should be placed on internal activities
D. Goods and communication should flow both ways

68. Luke is reviewing several internal and external reports to compare his company's sales and market share in relation to those of other companies in the industry. What type of business analysis is Luke conducting?
A. Promotional
B. Competitive
C. Financial
D. Productivity

69. Which of the following is an example of business process thinking:
A. A company strives to fix its method of internal communications
B. The marketing department and finance department avoid interacting
C. Whenever a customer complains about slow service, servers are fired
D. A company prioritizes product promotions over product development

70. Stress and fatigue are __________ factors that can affect business process design.
A. technological
B. human
C. regulatory
D. government

71. A business process change would likely be required if a company
A. plans a meeting for Friday
B. goes out of business
C. merges with another company
D. has a profitable quarter

72. How does supply chain management increase customer satisfaction?
A. Reduces the time it takes for goods to reach consumers
B. Integrates information throughout an organization
C. Improves cash flow
D. Enhances data quality

73. Bernard's business is more successful than his competitors' because he is innovative, which gives him a(n) __________ advantage.
A. competitive
B. creative
C. absolute
D. administrative

74. Corporate governance is primarily concerned with __________ desires.
A. CEO
B. stakeholder
C. vendor
D. competitor

75. A top-level executive is removed from his position on the Golden Ray Corporation's board of directors due to a personal scandal. The board then releases a detailed, professional statement to its stakeholders so they are aware of the situation. By doing this, Golden Ray Corporation is
A. lacking accountability
B. demonstrating transparency
C. following regulatory guidelines
D. measuring internal performance

76. Which of the following business activities is most likely to impact an organization's governance structures:
A. Raising prices on consumer goods
B. Hiring a new sales representative
C. Developing a marketing strategy
D. Borrowing money from a bank

77. Performance standards should be
A. extremely challenging
B. subjective
C. informally discussed
D. measurable

78. The determination of an exchange price acceptable to both the buyer and the seller of a product is called
A. product decision
B. promotion
C. place decision
D. pricing

79. Which of the following is not a factor that affects selling price:
A. Government regulation
B. Supply and demand
C. Competition
D. Profit control

80. Which of the following would be most useful to a business that is evaluating customer experience:
A. Online customer reviews
B. Sales data
C. Consumer trends
D. Kiosks

81. A fast-food company offers burgers, chicken nuggets, pizza, and french fries. Eventually, the company realizes that the pizzas are not profitable and decides to stop selling them. Which product-mix strategy is the company using?
A. Trading down
B. Trading up
C. Alteration
D. Contraction

82. Customer services that all retailers should provide include
A. delivery service and play areas for children
B. convenient store hours and receipts for purchases
C. merchandise repair and restaurants
D. alterations and fashion shows

83. Your target market is "poor" college students, so you base your unique selling proposition (USP) on value pricing. This is an example of a USP that is
A. meaningful to the customer
B. difficult to communicate
C. desirable and urgent
D. fulfillable

84. Pat's Pizza Place has introduced a new, low-fat pizza crust. In its advertising, management not only describes how tasty the crust is, but it also tells readers that the crust is low-fat and healthy. Pat's Pizza Place is using which of the following promotional communication characteristics:
A. Relevance
B. Repetitious
C. Factual
D. Persuasive

85. Which of the following plans includes procedures for dealing with events that threaten to shut down business operations for an extended period of time:
A. Safety plan
B. Continuity plan
C. Business plan
D. Asset security plan

86. What is an example of an amplified word-of-mouth strategy?
A. A customer shares her opinion of a new product with a friend
B. Fans share the release date for a new product on Facebook
C. Customers post comments about a company on Twitter
D. A company asks customers to share product reviews on a website

87. The primary cost factors that marketers must consider when developing a direct advertising campaign include list acquisition, delivery, and
A. research
B. inventory
C. production
D. follow-up

88. Ben recently purchased a cell phone. The manufacturer provided a form and a special code with the phone's packaging. Ben completed the form, copied his sales receipt, and mailed these items back to the manufacturer along with the part of the packaging that contained the special code. Within six weeks, Ben received a $50 check from the phone manufacturer. What type of sales-promotion technique was used?
A. Sweepstakes
B. Coupon
C. Rebate
D. Warranty

89. An important activity performed by a business's public relations staff is
A. territory development
B. market segmentation
C. crisis management
D. talent acquisition

90. Which of the following is a situation indicating a problem with product durability:
A. A customer complains that her/his new cell phone battery quit working after one week
B. A customer returns a recently purchased sweater because it is the wrong size
C. A customer complains to a restaurant server that his/her steak is too rare
D. A customer returns a software package because it does not work with her/his computer

91. A risk management program helps __________ risk, which makes it easier to organize and handle them.
A. categorize
B. encourage
C. prevent
D. process

92. Why has enterprise risk management developed?
A. The elimination of certain insurance plans
B. An increasingly diverse array of risks
C. Reduced government regulation
D. Declining quality standards

93. Which of the following is an example of a tangible item that can be sold:
A. Computer
B. Car wash
C. Haircut
D. Lawyer's advice

94. Who is usually responsible for developing and promoting an ethical atmosphere in a business?
A. Consultants
B. Employees
C. Attorneys
D. Managers

95. Which of the following are components generally included in a company's business plan:
A. Marketing plan, summary, and franchise agreement
B. Company description, financial plan, and marketing plan
C. Management plan, licensing contract, and annual report
D. Summary, operating plan, and sales report

96. A business should consider the impact that changes in the environment will have on the business's marketing mix because
A. government regulations can increase costs
B. most businesses want to be reactive
C. the marketing mix is affected by technology
D. the business can change its marketing mix

97. When an advertiser sends postage-paid sweepstakes entry forms to individuals, the advertiser is using __________ direct mail advertising.
A. utility
B. informative
C. reminder
D. persuasive

98. How does a business's gross profit compare to the industry standard of 30% if it has annual sales of $400,000 and cost of goods sold is $260,000?
A. 35% higher
B. 5% lower
C. 35% lower
D. 5% higher

99. Which of the following factors is associated with innovative organizations:
A. Leadership gaps
B. Change avoidance
C. Adaptability
D. Fear motivated

100. Antonio has been tasked with helping the accounting staff at his company make the transition to a new recordkeeping software. He has been instructed to facilitate training sessions, answer employee questions, and show the staff how the new software will help make their jobs easier. Antonio is performing __________ management.
A. change
B. inventory
C. operations
D. supply chain

/////
  1.  C 
Defamation. Defamation is the publication of an untrue statement that subjects an entity to ridicule or 
contempt. Jack is publishing untrue information about his former employer out of spite, so he is 
committing defamation. Invasion of privacy occurs when a person's personal life is exposed 
unnecessarily. Battery is intentionally touching another in a harmful or offensive way without justification. 
Negligence includes situations i n which harm is caused accidentally. None of these three types of torts 
apply to Jack.  
SOURCE:    BL:069  
SOURCE:    Miller, R.L. (2020).  Business law today: The essentials  (12th ed.) [p. 108]. Boston, MA : 
Cengage Learning, Inc.  
 
     2.  C 
Intellectual property. Int ellectual property refers to the ownership of ideas. Unlike tangible assets such as 
cars or computers, intellectual property is a collection of ideas and concepts. In many countries, there are 
three ways to protect intellectual property: patents, trademark s, and copyrights. Patents protect 
processes, methods, and inventions. Trademarks protect brand names —including words and symbols 
that are used to identify a product or company. A copyright will protect the following categories of work: 
literary works; mus ical works; dramatic works; choreographic works; pictorial, graphic, and sculptural 
works; motion pictures; sound recordings; architectural works; and computer programs and websites. 
Patents, trademarks, and copyrights do not protect physical inventions, h ouses and apartments, or 
government secrets.  
SOURCE:    BL:051  
SOURCE:    Entrepreneur. (2017).  Intellectual property . Retrieved September 6, 2019, from 
https://www.entrepreneur.com/encyclopedia/intellectual -property  
 
     3.  B 
Open corporations. Individuals who invest their money in an open, or public, corporation are known as 
stockholders, or shareholders, because what they actually purchase are shares of stock in the 
corporation. This gives the investors the opportunity to share in the growth and possible profits  of the 
corporation. General partnerships are owned by two or more partners. A close corporation is owned by a 
few people and does not offer its shares for sale to the general public. A sole proprietorship is owned by 
one person.  
SOURCE:    BL:003  
SOURCE:    LAP -BL -001—Own It Your Way (Business Ownership)  
 
     4.  A 
Sole proprietorship. Owners of sole proprietorships bear all the responsibility and decision- making for the 
business. Since there is one owner, the sole proprietor maintains control of every aspect of the business. 
General partnerships, "S" corporations, and LLCs have more owners; therefore, each owner generally 
has less control over business activities.  
SOURCE:    BL:006  
SOURCE:    LAP -BL -006—Taking Care of Business (Selecting Forms of Business Ownership)  
 
     5.  D 
Getting their products to consumers more efficiently. Channels of distribution benefit businesses by 
getting their products to consumers more efficiently. This may help raise profits, but it is not a guarantee. 
Channels may lower the prices of some but  not  all  industrial goods. Channels allow businesses to share 
channel tasks, but they will not be able to avoid all channel tasks —every channel member contributes.  
SOURCE:    CM:001  
SOURCE:    LAP -CM -002—Chart Your Channels (Channel Management)  
 
     6.  A 
Producer  to consumer. When goods are sold directly from the producer to the consumer, this is a direct 
channel of distribution. All of the other alternatives involve one or more intermediaries between the 
producer and the consumer. These are examples of indirect channels of distribution.  
SOURCE:    CM:003  
SOURCE:    LAP -CM -003—Channel It (Channels of Distribution)  
 

Test 1209             ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM —KEY              11  
 
     7.  C 
Global industry benchmarking system. A global system provides a standard rating system with which to 
evaluate the effectiveness of international channel  members. Because of the cultural, social, and political 
differences that exist outside of a company's national boundaries, the company's norm may not apply in 
these cases. A neutral third party familiar with international expectations may be a better judge of the 
channel member's effectiveness. The International Monetary Fund deals with exchange rates and 
differences in international currency. International trade centers and global distribution centers are 
examples of international channel members.  
SOURCE:    CM:011  
SOURCE:    Wisner, J.D., Tan, K., & Leong, G.K. (2019).  Principles of supply chain management  (5th 
ed.) [Lesson 14- 3]. Boston , MA : Cengage Learning, Inc.  
 
     8.  C 
Help with major decisions. A complex business report is a well -organized presentation of accurate 
information gathered to help with major business decisions. It summarizes the most important data, but it 
may not present all views on the subject. In most cases, it includes recommendations for action or 
suggested solutions for problems.  
SOURCE:    CO:009  
SOURCE:    Guffey, M.E., & Loewy, D. (2019).  Essentials of business communication   (11th ed.) [Lesson 
10- 1a]. Boston, MA : Cengage Learning, Inc.  
 
     9.  C 
Henderson Photography...uniquely capturing your special moments is our priority. The brand promise is 
a company's agreement (spoken or unspoken) with customers that it will consistently meet their 
expectations and deliver on its brand characteristics and values. Henderson Photography tells you 
exactly what you can expect every time you purchase its services —unique photos to capture special 
moments. Fred's Furniture is offering sale prices for a limited time. The business offering credit terms to 
qualified customers has also placed time restrictions on its offer and has limited the offer to some rather 
than  all customers. Rather than a brand promise, the businesses are using promotion. Cup O' Joe is 
communicating the convenience of having four locations.  
SOURCE:    CR:001  
SOURCE:    Hinge. (2016, January 4).  Elements of a successful brand 4: Brand promise . Retrieve d 
September 6, 2019, from 
http://hingemarketing.com/library/article/elements_of_a_successful_brand_4_brand_promise
/?pivot/archive/2007- 06/index.html   
 
   10.   D 
Individuals and businesses are the primary economic decision makers, and the government helps 
regulate the system. A private enterprise system is an economic system in which individuals and groups, 
rather than the government, own or control the means of production. A private enterprise system is 
considered a mixed economy because individuals and businesses are the primary economic decision 
makers, while the government helps regulate and control the system. The government's activities serve 
to promote a fair competitive buying and selling environment. In a command economic system 
(communism), the government controls the economic system and does not allow private ownership of the 
means of production and distribution.  
SOURCE:    EC:009  
SOURCE:    LAP -EC -015— People Power (The Private Enterprise System)  
 
   11.   D 
Utilities. Operating expenses are those expenses nece ssary to keep the business running on a daily 
basis. They include utilities, rent, payroll, insurance, taxes, and supplies. Cost of goods is a separate 
category of expense, not part of operating expenses. Revenues are all categories of income that bring 
mo ney into the business. Employees' withholding taxes are paid by the employees, not by the business.  
SOURCE:    EC:010  
SOURCE:    LAP -EC -002—Risk Rewarded (Factors Affecting Profit)  
 

Test 1209             ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM —KEY              12  
 
   12.   B 
Total cost. The average total cost curve is what a manager should be looking at when s/he thinks about 
increasing or decreasing company size, because it shows the average total cost to the company per unit 
produced. The average marginal cost per unit produced would not give an accurate picture of the 
company's financial sit uation because it only shows the cost incurred per each additional unit produced. 
Analysis of the average revenue and average marginal revenue would only show how much the company 
is profiting on average, respectively, in terms of total average output and per each additional unit 
produced. This information by itself gives no insight into the cost incurred by the company in the 
production process.  
SOURCE:    EC:077  
SOURCE:    Gottheil, F.M. (2013).  Principles of economics  (7th ed.) [pp. 190- 193]. Mason, OH: South-
Western Cengage Learning.  
 
   13.   A 
Communication. Communication, both verbal and nonverbal, causes the greatest number of cultural 
sensitivity issues. Level of comfort with uncertainty and relationships to time and space also cause 
cultural sensitivity issues, but not as many as communication does. Globalization is a trend that is making 
the world seem a lot smaller —it offers proof that diversity is inevitable.  
SOURCE:    EI:033  
SOURCE:    LAP -EI-033—Getting To Know You (Cultural Sensitiv ity)  
 
   14.   B 
Promoting benefits. Persuasion is the ability to get people to see things your way, to do things your way, 
and to agree with you. Persuasion often involves appealing to others' wants and needs, and presenting 
information in such a way that it encourages them to support the idea or action. In the example, Porter 
discussed the benefit of a pay raise. Empathy is the ability to identify with another person's thoughts, 
feelings, values, and actions. There is no indication that Porter holds a positio n of authority or that he is 
arguing with someone on minor points.  
SOURCE:    EI:012  
SOURCE:    LAP -QS -010 —Win Them Over (Persuade Others)  
 
   15.   B 
Flexible. Flexibility is the ability to adapt to changes as they occur. When employees are demonstrating 
adaptabili ty, they are able to be flexible and adjust to changing conditions. When employees demonstrate 
adaptability, they are not necessarily being aggressive, honest, or creative.  
SOURCE:    EI:006  
SOURCE:    LAP -EI-023—Go With the Flow (Demonstrating Adaptability)  
 
   16.  C 
Everyone in the organization must be able to relate to it. One reason that an excellent business vision is 
general rather than specific is that everyone in the organization must be able to relate to it. Team 
members should be able to relate the team v ision to their own personal visions for what they want to 
accomplish in their own careers and also for the organization. Excellent visions are meant for the long 
term. Employees don't always need to be told exactly what to do. Excellent visions are compell ing and 
energizing, but this does not relate to them being general or specific.  
SOURCE:    EI:060  
SOURCE:    LAP -EI-060— Vision Quest (Enlisting Others in Vision)  
 
   17.   B 
Finding a shared vision. Strategic relationships are successfully formed when both sides share a 
common vision that they can work toward together. Both parties will be equally motivated to succeed. 
Establishing dominance and control, seeking a deal as quickly as possible, and focusing on Nico's 
shortcomings will hinder Gianna from building a strategic relationship with Nico.  
SOURCE:    EI:114  
SOURCE:    McKay, K. (2014, June 3).  How to create strategic partnerships that are a win- win.  Retrieved 
September 6, 2019, from https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/234425  
 

Test 1209             ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM —KEY              13  
 
   18.   D 
Sending holiday cards to clients. "Leveraging" means making the most out of something. In business, 
leveraging a relationship means maximizing the benefits of the relationship for your company. Leveraging 
business relationships is important for retaining current customers and continuing to  obtain new 
customers. One example of leveraging an existing business relationship is sending holiday cards to 
clients. Sending a card is a thoughtful gesture that says to the client, "We care about you." Avoiding 
meeting new people would not help an indiv idual leverage his/her existing relationships. Calling clients 
just to say hello would be unwise, since many customers are annoyed by unexpected and unimportant 
phone calls. Deleting negative client reviews is not only unethical, but would also not help leverage an 
existing relationship.  
SOURCE:    EI:116  
SOURCE:    Wayshak, M. (2018).  7 ways to leverage existing customers for more sales.  Retrieved 
September 6, 2019, from https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/281492  
 
   19.   B 
A veterinarian invents and sells a device to prevent horse water troughs from freezing. Creating a product 
to solve a problem and selling that product is a good example of an entrepreneurial venture because a 
need has been identified and met; the product s olves a problem for consumers, while the resulting sales 
benefit the veterinarian. A juice bar selling juice on location during special events expands its business 
but does not represent a new idea or problem solved. A pumpkin farm offering pumpkin carving  and 
costume contests to create more interest is not creating something new or solving a problem. A “cretzel” 
might be a new creative pastry, but there is no indication that it meets an identified consumer need.  
SOURCE:    EN:039  
SOURCE:    Allen, K.R. (2020).  L aunching new ventures: An entrepreneurial approach   (8th ed.) [p. 5]. 
Boston , MA : Cengage Learning, Inc.  
 
   20.   C 
The impact of new technologies should always be evaluated. An entrepreneur should always evaluate 
the potential impact that new technologies could have on business opportunities and competition. While 
the application of technology to business practices often has huge benefits, it is not always feasible or 
wise to apply them to every business practice. While the benefits of new technologies may be expensive 
or overrated sometimes, their impact and business potential should always be evaluated.  
SOURCE:    EN:040  
SOURCE:    Kokemuller, N. (2019, July 29).  Why is technology important in business?   Retrieved 
September 6, 2019, from https://bizfluent.com/about -6320228- technology -important -
business -.html  
 
   21.   C 
Internet -based companies can easily become involved in international trade. A company that has a 
website can easily be found by people in foreign countries, and online services like eBay make 
international transactions easy to conduct. Small businesses represent a large majority of international 
trade. Freight -forwarding services are often used by companies, but they are not required. Foreign 
language skills may be helpful, but they are not required to conduct international trade since people in 
many countries speak more than one language and translation services exist.  
SOURCE:    EN:041  
SOURCE:    Katz, J., & Green, R. (2011).  Entrepreneurial small business  (3rd ed.) [pp. 351- 356]. New 
York , NY : McGraw -Hill/Irwin.  
 

Test 1209             ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM —KEY              14  
 
   22.   C 
Lead to more opportunities. A circumstance that presents itself as a favorable means to become a 
business is referred to as a venture opportunity. When an entrepreneur assesses the venture 
opportunity, s/he determines the chances  of success. One factor the entrepreneur considers during the 
assessment is the potential for the venture opportunity to create more opportunities. These other 
opportunities might include the ability to develop additional products, appeal to different mark et 
segments, and expand via multi -units or franchising efforts. When an entrepreneur hires employees, s/he 
usually expects employee loyalty, regardless of the type of venture s/he is starting. The government 
requires all businesses to complete paperwork (e.g., tax forms), which is often complex. Therefore, 
paperwork is not a primary consideration, nor is satisfying its vendors' needs.  
SOURCE:    EN:005  
SOURCE:    Ray, L. (2018, October 17).  5 steps to evaluating business opportunities.  Retrieved 
September 6, 2019, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/5- steps -evaluating- business -
opportunities -44673.html  
 
   23.   D 
The feasibility study is completed before the business plan is developed. A feasibility study can be used 
to determine the viability of several business alternatives, regardless of whether similar businesses 
already exist. The feasibility study pinpoints the strengths and weaknesses of each alternative so that the 
business idea that seems to have the best chance of success can be selected. After the most viabl e 
alternative is chosen, then a business plan, which is essentially the written business model for that 
alternative, can be developed.  
SOURCE:    EN:038  
SOURCE:    Profitable Venture Magazine Ltd. (2009- 2019).  Feasibility study vs. Business plan  - What's 
the dif ference . Retrieved September 6, 2019, from 
https://www.profitableventure.com/feasibility -study -business -plan/  
 
   24.   D 
Incorporation. Some of the expenses that an entrepreneur must pay during the startup phase are one-
time costs, while other costs are ongoi ng. An example of a one- time cost is an incorporation fee, which 
an entrepreneur must pay if s/he chooses to incorporate the new business. Trade association 
membership fees, shipping and postage costs, and website maintenance are typically routine, ongoing 
expenses that the business must pay on a regular basis.  
SOURCE:    EN:009  
SOURCE:    SmallBusiness.com. (2018, October 13).  Starting a small business.  Retrieved September 6, 
2019, from http://wiki.smallbusiness.com/wiki/Starting_a_small_business  
 
   25.   C 
Adam is  working 14 hours a day at his new company and is not spending time with friends. There are 
many types of risks when starting a new business. Because many new business owners focus their 
attention on their businesses, they often neglect relationships with family and friends. This is social risk 
because there is a possibility of losing personal relationships when people do not spend time together in 
social situations. Another type of risk is physical risk. This occurs when a new business owner is under 
stres s and develops an illness or physical ailment, such as an ulcer. Obtaining a bank loan is a financial 
risk, while quitting a job may present a career risk.  
SOURCE:    EN:010  
SOURCE:    Loesch, B. (2012, April 3).  6 commonly overlooked risks when starting a new business. 
Retrieved September 6, 2019, from http://www.business2community.com/startups/6-
commonly -overlooked- risks -when -starting- a-new -business -
0158188#acXl2uBTHM3aV2gM.97  
 

Test 1209             ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM —KEY              15  
 
   26.   D 
Private equity. When a startup business owner obtains money in a way that s/he does not have debt, it is 
called private equity. This may include using personal savings, receiving money from friends and 
relatives, or soliciting support from private investor s. Private investors generally expect a financial return 
on their investment. Credit and banks are debt -based ways to finance a business because these options 
involve repaying a loan. Collateral savings is a fictitious term.  
SOURCE:    EN:016  
SOURCE:    Riley, J . (2019).  Sources of finance for a startup or small business.  Retrieved September 6, 
2019, from https://www.tutor2u.net/business/reference/sources -of-finance- for -a-startup- or-
small -business  
 
   27.   C 
Does the workload require a full -time or part -time employe e? A business owner considers many factors 
when determining if s/he should hire an employee. An important factor to consider is the nature of the 
work that the owner needs to have done— bookkeeping, purchasing, ad placement, etc. The owner must 
also consider how often certain tasks are performed (e.g., weekly, monthly). After determining what skills 
are needed, the owner must decide if there is enough work for a full -time employee or if a part -time 
employee could handle the workload. The business owner recruits applicants after determining the 
necessary skills and approximate workload. Therefore, the business owner cannot answer the remaining 
questions until s/he determines the type and amount of work s/he needs the employee to do.  
SOURCE:    EN:018  
SOURCE:    Katz , J., & Green, R. (2011).  Entrepreneurial small business  (3rd ed.) [pp. 607- 615]. New 
York, NY: McGraw -Hill/Irwin.  
 
   28.   C 
Expertise. Resources are the items or people that a business uses to accomplish a goal or to make a 
product. Small -business owners must consider both the costs and the benefits in obtaining the resources 
they need to operate their companies. When a business needs special knowledge to operate or expand, 
the owner may need to hire someone with a specific set of skills or expertise, which can be a substantial 
payroll expense. Self -control and a good attitude are good traits to have, and the company may benefit 
from them; but the employee must have the knowledge and skills to have the ability to perform tasks that 
others in the company cannot.  
SOURCE:    EN:021  
SOURCE:    Bamford, C.E., & Bruton, G.D. (2011).  Entrepreneurship: A small business approach.  (pp. 
34, 78). New York, NY: McGraw -Hill.   
 
   29.   A 
Territory. Work flow is the order in which information is shared, tasks are performed, and decisi ons are 
made in relation to activities that keep a business running. A business organizes its work flow in a 
manner that best suits the nature of the business and its goals. One way to organize work flow is to 
divide work -related tasks by geographic locati on, such as territory or region. When a business organizes 
groups to do specific short - or long- term projects, work flow is organized in work teams. Authority and 
relationship are not widely used terms that businesses use to describe work flow organization  methods.    
SOURCE:    EN:027  
SOURCE:    Bamford, C.E., & Bruton, G.D. (2011).  Entrepreneurship: A small business approach  (pp. 
159- 161). New York , NY : The McGraw -Hill Companies, Inc.   
 

Test 1209             ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM —KEY              16  
 
   30.   B 
Talk with their customers and vendors. An opportunity is a circumstance that presents itself as a 
favorable means to meet an objective. Many small -business owners are entrepreneurs —individuals who 
look for opportunities to start businesses and then take action to make the opportunities actualize. There 
are many wa ys to look for business opportunities, such as watching trends; attending trade shows; and 
talking with friends, customers, vendors, and business associates. Although an opportunity can present 
itself at any time, it doesn't usually happen while doing task s such as analyzing sales reports or revising 
operating budgets. After deciding to start the business, a small -business owner might apply for a 
commercial bank loan to finance a new venture.  
SOURCE:    EN:031  
SOURCE:    Longenecker, J.G., Petty, J.W., Palich, L. E., & Hoy, F. (2020). Small business management: 
Launching and growing entrepreneurial ventures (19th ed.) [pp. 59- 63]. Boston, MA : 
Cengage Learning, Inc.  
 
   31.   A 
Financial. As a business grows, the owner often needs to invest in additional resources to ef ficiently 
operate. A resource is a person or item that is needed to accomplish an objective. A profit is the money 
left over after paying expenses, which is a financial resource. Fundamental, strategic, and structural are 
not common terms that business owners use to describe types of resources.  
SOURCE:    EN:032  
SOURCE:    QuickBooks. (2019).  3 ways small businesses can re- invest profits.  Retrieved September 6, 
2019, from https://quickbooks.intuit.com/r/cash- flow/3 -ways -small- businesses -can -re-invest -
profits/  
 
   32.  C 
A harvest strategy. A harvest strategy is the way an entrepreneur or investor extracts money from a 
business or product after it has become successful in order to invest it in something else. For example, if 
a car company's pickup truck is already suc cessful, it does not need the same level of funding that it 
once did. Those funds can be extracted and put into a new product, such as hybrid vehicles. This is not 
an example of a marketing plan, risk mitigation, or the discovery process.  
SOURCE:    EN:035  
SO URCE:    Kenton, W., & Abbott, B. (2019, April 20).  Harvest strategy . Retrieved September 6, 2019, 
from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/h/harvest -strategy.asp  
 
   33.   B 
Analyze, journalize, and post. The major steps of the accounting cycle— in their proper order —are 
analyzing financial transactions, journalizing transactions, posting to ledgers, balancing the books, 
preparing financial statements, and closing the books.  
SOURCE:    FI:085  
SOURCE:    LAP -FI  -085— Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)  
 
   34.   C 
$8,555. Businesspeople prepare cash flow statements to estimate when, where, and how much money 
will flow into and out of a business during a certain period of time. The information in the cash flow 
statement can help the business plan financially. To determine the amount of cash that is available to 
operate the business, subtract the expenses from the total amount of cash ($36,200 -  $27,645 = $8,555).  
SOURCE:    FI:092  
SOURCE:    Warren, C.S., & Taylor, W.B. (2020).  Managerial accounting   (15th ed.) [Lesson 15- 1]. 
Bost on , MA : Cengage Learning, Inc.  
 

Test 1209             ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM —KEY              17  
 
   35.   D 
Under stockholders' equity. Retained earnings are represented under stockholders' equity because they 
are monies reinvested back into the business by the stockholder(s). Assets are considered resources 
owned by the company, not monies invested or reinvested into the business. Contributed capital refers to 
monies invested into the company by the owner or other investors, rather than profits or earnings that are 
reinvested into the company. Revenue refers to earnings fro m the sales of goods or services and is dealt 
with on income statements, not balance sheets.  
SOURCE:    FI:093  
SOURCE:    Bienias, C., Gilbertson, C.B., Lehman, M.W., & Gentene, D. (2019).  Century 21 accounting: 
Multicolumn journal  (11th ed.) [Lesson 16- 3]. Bost on, MA : Cengage Learning, Inc.  
 
   36.   D 
Repay a loan.   Creditors are responsible for deciding whether a business should be given a loan. The 
income statement helps creditors assess the business's creditworthiness and the risk of extending credit 
to the business. It provides the evidence needed to prove that the business can pay back the loan. 
Expanding operations, developing new products, and increasing staff are some of the reasons why a 
business might apply for a loan and need to provide creditors with its  income statement.  
SOURCE:    FI:094  
SOURCE:    LAP -FI  -004— Watch Your Bottom Line (Income Statements)  
 
   37.   B 
Managerial accounting. Managerial accounting involves using information to create budgets or to make 
business decisions, typically by analyzing the cost of future business activities and evaluating the 
business's current costs and performance. Financial ac counting involves recording and classifying 
business transactions, as well as preparing financial statements that report on actual business activities. 
Forensic accounting techniques are used to investigate legal claims, fraud, and other similar matters. 
Internal auditing involves testing a company's internal controls to determine if they are appropriate and 
followed correctly.  
SOURCE:    FI:657  
SOURCE:    Accounting Verse. (2019).  Types of accounting.  Retrieved September 6, 2019, from 
http://www.accountingverse. com/accounting- basics/types -of-accounting.html  
 
   38.   A 
Collateral. Collateral is anything of value belonging to the business that is pledged to the lender to 
guarantee that the loan will be repaid. Banks usually require that businesses put up acceptable collateral, 
such as inventory or buildings, which equal the amount of the loan. If the business is unable to repay the 
loan, the bank takes the collateral. Technology is scientific applications to business objectives or the 
methods used to attain those objec tives. Promotion is the communication of information about goods,  
services, images, and/or ideas to achieve a desired outcome. Compensation is salary or wages.  
SOURCE:    FI:023  
SOURCE:    Warren, C.S. (2017). Survey of accounting (8th ed.) [Lesson 8- 1i]. Boston , MA : Cengage 
Learning, Inc.  
 
   39.   B 
They will have to pay interest on the borrowed amount. A downside of acquiring capital through debt 
financing is that the borrower must pay interest on the money borrowed. This means that John and 
Damien will end up owi ng more than the amount of money they initially borrowed. In equity financing, 
stocks are sold to shareholders and those shareholders own a stake in the company. Damien and John 
would not be required to repay the money immediately.  
SOURCE:    FI:340  
SOURCE:    Katz, J., & Green, R. (2011).  Entrepreneurial small business  (3rd ed.) [pp. 483- 495]. New 
York , NY : McGraw -Hill/Irwin.  
 

Test 1209             ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM —KEY              18  
 
   40.   D 
Increased convenience. Increased convenience is an intangible benefit that might be included in a cost -
benefit analysis. It's  called an intangible because it is difficult to measure in financial terms. Decreased 
expenses, reduced employee turnover, and increased profits are all benefits that can be measured more 
easily in dollar amounts.  
SOURCE:    FI:357  
SOURCE:    LAP -FI  -011— Running  the Numbers (Cost -Benefit Analysis)  
 
   41.   A 
Jury of executive opinion. The jury of executive opinion method uses predictions by a company's top 
executives that are averaged for a composite sales forecast. The Delphi technique uses the opinions of 
the company's executives and outside expert opinions combined. The sales force composite method is 
based upon the predictions of the members of the sales force and combined into a composite forecast. 
The survey of buyer intentions method uses the customers and the ir plans to purchase for the coming 
year.  
SOURCE:    FI:096  
SOURCE:    Business Dictionary. (2019).  Jury of executive opinion . Retrieved September 6, 2019, from 
http://www.businessdictionary.com/definition/jury -of-executive- opinion.html  
 
   42.   B 
Assets = Liabilit ies + Owner's Equity. A balance sheet is a financial statement that captures the financial 
condition of the business at that particular moment. Three main elements are included on the balance 
sheet —assets, liabilities, and owner's equity. Available cash is  one part of the business's total assets. If 
the assets do not equal the liabilities when the liabilities are added to the owner's equity (Assets = 
Liabilities + Owner's Equity), information on the balance sheet is incorrect.  
SOURCE:    FI:335  
SOURCE:    Peavler , R. (2019, August 15). Wh at is the accounting formula?  Retrieved on September 6, 
2019, from https://www.thebalance.com/the- accounting- equation- 392966  
 
   43.   D 
“Edit company newsletter.” Editing the company newsletter is a task that would be listed in an of ficial job 
description. A job description is an explanation of the specific responsibilities associated with a certain 
job. A job specification, on the other hand, is an explanation of the skills, knowledge, and characteristics 
required for a job. Having 1 0-15 years of experience, being able to work closely with others, and 
possessing an associate's degree or higher are all examples of what might be listed in a job specification.  
SOURCE:    HR:410  
SOURCE:    LAP -HR- 035 —People Pusher (Nature of Human Resources Man agement)  
 
   44.   C 
Employee to customer ratio. Businesses usually consider a variety of factors when determining hiring 
needs because they want to hire the right number of employees. One important factor is the employee to 
customer ratio, particularly for businesses that interact directly with customers. For example, a business 
decides that it should have one employee per 10 customers. As the business estimates its rate of growth, 
it realizes it will need to hire additional employees to maintain the desired r atio. The type of application is 
not a factor. Bonuses for outstanding performance are given to employees rather than customers. The 
business's sampling plan, which typically guides the selection of a truly representative sample for 
marketing research purp oses, is not a consideration in determining hiring needs.  
SOURCE:    HR:353  
SOURCE:    Snell, S., & Morris, S. (2019).  Managing human resources  (18th ed.) [Lesson 2.4e]. Boston, 
MA : Cengage Learning, Inc.  
 

Test 1209             ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM —KEY              19  
 
   45.   C 
Appropriate match of employees to jobs. An  effective employee selection procedure screens applicants 
carefully and selects those who are best qualified to do the job. This benefits the business because the 
new hires need little or no training and are soon able to achieve good levels of productivity . Effective 
selection does not reduce the need to orient employees to their new place of employment. A rapid rate of 
turnover and having a number of employees who need training would not benefit the business.  
SOURCE:    HR:356  
SOURCE:    Snell, S., & Morris, S. (2019).  Managing human resources  (18th ed.) [Lesson 6.1]. Boston, 
MA : Cengage Learning, Inc.  
 
   46.   C 
Past work experience. Businesses maintain a variety of information about employees in personnel 
records. One type of information is past work experience. T his information may be used when 
considering employees for promotions or for assignment to special projects. The work experience 
information tells a business if an employee has the necessary background and qualifications. Businesses 
do not maintain information about an employee's political affiliation, family history, or country of origin.  
SOURCE:    HR:359  
SOURCE:    Society for Human Resources Management. (2018, April 4).  Complying with employment 
record requirements . Retrieved September 6, 2019, from 
https://w ww.shrm.org/resourcesandtools/tools -and-
samples/toolkits/pages/complyingwithemploymentrecordrequirements.aspx  
 
   47.   D 
Nonjudgmental. In general, a disciplinary situation would be approached  in a nonjudgmental manner, 
with all facts gathered completely and accurately. Poor handling of a discipline problem may result in 
additional discipline, lower productivity, and morale problems. Adopting a harsh or critical attitude can 
destroy or damage a n employee's self -esteem, which frequently affects productivity. A wait -and- see 
attitude often allows a problem time to develop into a more serious situation.  
SOURCE:    HR:369  
SOURCE:    Snell, S., & Morris, S. (2019).  Managing human resources  (18th ed.) [Lesson 13.2]. Boston, 
MA : Cengage Learning, Inc.  
 
   48.   B 
To remain competitive. Today's business environment is becoming more global in nature. To remain 
competitive in this environment, businesses need up- to-date marketing information about a variety of 
issues  such as economic conditions, political systems, and technological changes throughout the world. 
Frequently, businesses in one part of the world make decisions that affect their customers in other parts 
of the world. To be able to make the right decisions and stay competitive, the businesses need marketing 
information about conditions in those areas. Businesses do not gather marketing information about 
conditions throughout the world to understand geography, import products, or eliminate trade quotas.  
SOURC E:   IM:012  
SOURCE:    LAP -IM-012—Data Do It (Need for Marketing Data)  
 
   49.   A 
Marketing research. Marketing research is the systematic gathering, recording, and analyzing of data 
about a specific problem. Businesses use the information that is obtained through  marketing research in 
decision -making and problem -solving. Data analysis is usually a part of the research process that 
involves interpreting the information that has been collected. Observation is a marketing- research 
method that gathers data by watching  consumers. Financial management is the decision- making 
involved in allocating funds.  
SOURCE:    IM:010  
SOURCE:    Babin, B., Zikmund, W. (2016).  Essentials of marketing research   (6th ed.) [pp. 4- 6]. Boston, 
MA : Cengage Learning, Inc.  
 

Test 1209             ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM —KEY              20  
 
   50.   A 
Market planning. Market planning aims to create strategies to attract the target customer to a business. 
Market planning includes determining activities, goals, objectives, and procedures necessary to carry out 
those strategies. Pricing is determining and adjusting prices to  maximize return and meet customers' 
perceptions of value. Marketing- information management involves gathering, accessing, synthesiz ing, 
evaluating, and disseminating information. Channel management involves identifying, selecting, 
monitoring, and evaluati ng sales channels, also known as channels of distribution.  
SOURCE:    MK:002  
SOURCE:    LAP -MK -001— Work the Big Seven (Marketing Functions)  
 
   51.   A 
Improving this year's customer satisfaction by 7% over last year's ratings. The strategy of conducting 
customer  surveys supports the goal of improving this year's customer satisfaction ratings. It does not 
support improving sales training results, which is about making sure the company's salespeople are 
performing their roles appropriately. It does not support improving telemarketing skills, either, because 
telemarketing skills belong to the caller —not to the customers who are surveyed. In addition, it does not 
support improving proposal writing because, of course, the writers are not customers.  
SOURCE:    MP:001  
SOURCE :   LAP -MP -002— Pick the Mix (Nature of Marketing Strategies)  
 
   52.   C 
Target. A target market is a group of customers who have similar wants and needs. By identifying such a 
group, businesses can focus their marketing efforts on meeting the needs of the businesses or 
individuals in the group. These may be retail businesses, industrial businesses, or individual consumers.  
SOURCE:    MP:003  
SOURCE:    LAP -MP -003— Have We Met? ( Market Identification)  
 
   53.   D 
Lifestyles. Psychographic segmentation is the division of a market on the basis of consumers' lifestyles 
and personalities. Gender, income, and occupation are elements of demographic segmentation, which is 
the division of a market on the basis of its physical and social characteristics.  
SOURCE:    MP:005  
SOURCE:    Babin,  B., & Zikmund, W. (2016).  Exploring marketing research   (11th  ed.) [p. 168]. Boston, 
MA : Cengage Learning, Inc.  
 
   54.   B 
Product quality and price. Analyzing competitors in a specific market involves evaluating the quality and 
price of their products. As the  result of such an analysis, a new business might find that the competition 
offers products of medium quality at limited prices. This indicates that a need might exist for higher and 
lower quality products in various price ranges. Armed with this informati on, a new business has a better 
chance to provide products that customers want and need and to compete successfully in a specific 
market. Before locating in a community, a new business would consider the size and availability of space, 
and the cost of supplies and equipment. However, these are not factors involved in analyzing 
competitors. Industry research might be useful, but the training that the industry provides is not a factor in 
analyzing the competition.  
SOURCE:    MP:012  
SOURCE:    Pride, W.M., & Ferrell , O.C. (2020).  Marketing 2020   (20th ed.) [Lesson 3- 2c]. Boston, MA : 
Cengage Learning, Inc.  
 

Test 1209             ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM —KEY              21  
 
   55.   C 
$375,000. The objectives in a marketing plan are intended to lead to sales and an increase in revenue. 
When preparing its marketing plan, a business develops  specific objectives to follow that should be clear 
and measurable, such as increasing sales by 15%. If a business increases sales by 15%, it will probably 
increase revenue, also. To determine the amount of increase in this example, first determine the cur rent 
level of sales by multiplying the amount each customer spends by the number of customers ($10,000 X 
250 = $2,500,000). Then, multiply current sales by the projected increase ($2,500,000 X 15% or .15 = 
$375,000). Therefore, if the business achieves the  objective in its marketing plan, it will increase sales by 
$375,000.  
SOURCE:    MP:018  
SOURCE:    Berry, T. (2014).  How to forecast sales . Retrieved September 6, 2019, from 
https://leanplan.com/how -to-forecast -sales/  
 
   56.   B 
It is data put into a useful form.   Data and information are not the same thing. Data are the necessary 
facts and figures, but information is what you get when data are in a useful form. Information is 
something an organization values, and it is not always simple to manage.   
SOURCE:    NF:110  
SO URCE:    LAP -NF -110 —In the Know (Nature of Information Management)  
 
   57.   C 
Graphically display financial information. Businesses establish specifications for selecting spreadsheet 
software in order to obtain the type of programs that will meet their needs. This is important because not 
all spreadsheet software programs have the same capabilities, such as graphically displaying financial 
information. Some businesses may need only simple graphics in the form of graphs or charts, while 
others need sophisticated g raphics that will display financial information in a variety of visual formats. 
Communications software is used to electronically communicate data. Database software is used to 
regularly organize customer information. Word processing and graphic design programs are used to 
produce marketing data.  
SOURCE:    NF:091  
SOURCE:    Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012).  Marketing essentials  (pp. 214 -215). New 
York , NY : Glencoe/McGraw -Hill.  
 
   58.   D 
Inaccurate. Quality business records should be retrievable,  reliable, and accurate. When a business does 
not update information (e.g., inventory status), it runs the risk of making poor business decisions by using 
inaccurate information. The example does not indicate that the information is unavailable, unorganized, 
or irrelevant.  
SOURCE:    NF:001  
SOURCE:    LAP -NF -001 —Record It (Business Records)  
 
   59.   A 
Human resources records. A company's human resources records include employee attendance as well 
as notes (positive or negative) about each employee's performance. Production records would not be 
helpful in evaluating customer service employees because those employees do not work in the part of 
the company that produces the products. R&D records are not helpful because customer service 
employees do not work in research and development. Inventory records track the products in the 
warehouse, which is not the responsibility of the customer service department.  
SOURCE:    NF:014  
SOURCE:    Management Study Guide. (2019).  Personnel records . Retrieved September 6, 2019, from 
https:// www.managementstudyguide.com/personnel -records.htm  
 
   60.   D 
Lost sales. Running out of inventory can result in lost sales, lowered productivity, unhappy customers, 
and a decrease in profits. These are known as stockout costs, and businesses try to avoid them as much 
as possible. Running out of inventory should not increase a business's taxes.   
SOURCE:    OP:189  
SOURCE:    LAP -OP -189 —Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations)  
 

Test 1209             ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM —KEY              22  
 
   61.   C 
Wear protective headgear when working in hazardous areas. Businesses develop safety policies, which 
are guidelines that employees follow to reduce the risk of injury in the workplace. Safety policies vary by 
industry and business, but the purpose of the policies is to keep employees safe while on the job. For 
example, a business might require employees to wear protective headgear when they are working in a 
warehouse or in dangerous areas where items or debris may fall from high shelves. Businesses should 
keep aisles clear of equipment and supplies to reduce the risk of falls, which can cause injuries. Exit 
doors should always be accessible, so employees can vacate the building if an emergency (e.g., fire) 
occurs. Reviewing or inspecting products are product/service management issues rather than workplace 
safety concerns.  
SOURCE:    OP:012  
SOUR CE:    Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014).  Marketing dynamics  (3rd ed.) [pp. 
687- 688]. Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart -Willcox.  
 
   62.   A 
Timing. When tasks need to be completed in sequential order, one team member cannot start his/her 
task until another team member has completed her/his task. If one team member runs behind, it affects 
all other team members who must complete tasks after that team member. This can create bottlenecks 
and can cause delays and missed deadlines. Therefore, it is im portant to coordinate tasks so that 
sufficient time is allocated to complete each task. Durability and pricing may be factors when coordinating 
certain types of projects; however, these factors may or may not be tied to the tasking sequence. 
Credibility is  believability.   
SOURCE:    OP:230  
SOURCE:    Gido, J., Clements, J., & Baker, R. (2018). Successful project management (7th ed.) [Lesson 
5-4]. Boston , MA : Cengage Learning, Inc.  
 
   63.   A 
Prevent losses to the business. A business should try to produce only as much as it can produce well. If 
production quantities exceed consumer demand, the business will lose money on unsold products. If the 
business does not produce enough to meet consumer demand, it will lose sales to competitors. Planning 
production quantities does not help increase demand, locate resources, or sequence production steps.  
SOURCE:    OP:017  
SOURCE:    LAP -OP -017 —Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)  
 
   64.   D 
They are not directly related to production. Operating costs are the ongoing, day -to-day expens es of 
running a business that are not related to production. They consist of both fixed and variable expenses, 
and they are ongoing— not just occurring once or twice a year. All businesses incur operating expenses.  
SOURCE:    OP:024  
SOURCE:    LAP -OP -009 —Watch Your (Over) Head (Operating Costs)  
 
   65.   C 
Contract B by $60. Service contracts often provide businesses the option of including a certain number of 
service calls in the yearly price or paying a flat rate for service and then an additional fee for each call.  
Depending on the type of service that a business needs, it might be more cost effective to pay for each 
call if the business does not expect to need many repairs. To calculate the yearly cost of contract B if the 
company needs 12 calls, first multiply the  price per call by 12 ($70 X 12 = $840). Then, add that amount 
to the base price ($840 + $600 = $1,440). Subtract the cost of contract B from the cost of contract A to 
determine the savings ($1,500 -  $1,440 = $60). The business will save even more if it does not need 12 
calls a year.  
SOURCE:    OP:027  
SOURCE:    Harness, J. (2018, November 5).  What is a service contract agreement?   Retrieved 
September 6, 2019, from https://bizfluent.com/info- 7959728- service -contract -agreement.html  
 

Test 1209             ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM —KEY              23  
 
   66.   C 
Budget. Budgets provide a  business with projections of expenses or standards for spending that help the 
business allocate funds and control expenses. An income statement compares actual income against 
actual expenses for a fiscal period. A balance sheet is a statement that shows a  firm's assets in relation 
to its liabilities and owner's equity. A ratio is the relationship between two numbers.  
SOURCE:    OP:029  
SOURCE:    Pride, W.M., Hughes, R.J., & Kapoor, J.R. (2019).  Foundations of business  (6th ed.) [Lesson 
16- 3a]. Boston, MA : Cengage Learning, Inc.  
 
   67.   D 
Goods and communication should flow both ways. In a supply chain, goods and information should flow 
back and forth among all supply chain members, rather than merely going in one direction. Producers 
should not necessarily be  in contact with the final consumer. Emphasis is placed more on internal 
activities in operations management, rather than in supply chain management. Finally, there is no set 
number of people that should be involved in operations; it depends on the nature  of the company.  
SOURCE:    OP:303  
SOURCE:    Bozarth, C.C., & Handfield, R.B. (2013).  Introduction to operations and supply chain 
management  (3rd ed.) [pp. 6- 7]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Education, Inc.  
 
   68.   B 
Competitive. Companies analyze many business  functions to determine if they are achieving their 
organizational goals. Companies analyze their activities in relation to their competitors' activities to 
determine how well they are performing in the marketplace. If a competitive analysis reveals that a 
company has lost some of its market share, the company will need to attract new markets or develop 
new products to improve its market share. Luke will likely review the competition's promotional, financial, 
and production processes as part of the competit ive analysis if the information is available.  
SOURCE:    OP:327  
SOURCE:    Entrepreneur. (2019).  Competitive analysis.  Retrieved September 6, 2019, from 
http://www.entrepreneur.com/encyclopedia/competitive- analysis  
 
   69.   A 
A company strives to fix its method of internal communications. Processes are sets of steps used to 
reach an outcome. Process thinking means keeping processes in mind throughout a project or business 
venture. An example of a process is a method for communicating internally in an organization. I f a 
company strives to fix its method of internal communications, it is focused on process thinking. Business 
process thinking involves departments working together, rather than avoiding interaction. Firing 
employees rather than fixing the overall customer  service process is not an example of business process 
thinking. Finally, prioritizing product promotions over product development is not related to business 
process thinking.  
SOURCE:    OP:474  
SOURCE:    Business Enterprise Mapping. (2017, May 10).  Why process thinking enables performance 
improvement.  Retrieved September 6, 2019, from 
http://www.businessmapping.com/blog/why -process -enables -performance- improvement/  
 
   70.   B 
Human. Business process design is influenced by human factors, such as stress and fatigue. A business 
process may not work if it causes stress to employees, or if they are too fatigued to complete their work 
properly. These are not examples of technological, regulatory, or government factors.  
SOURCE:    OP:475  
SOURCE:    Taylor, H. (1999- 2015).  Factor s that affect process design . Retrieved September 6, 2019, 
from http://www.ehow.com/list_7444011_factors -affect -process -design.html  
 

Test 1209             ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM —KEY              24  
 
   71.   C 
Merges with another company. An alteration to a company's current business process is considered a 
business process change. If a company undergoes a significant change, such as merging with another 
company, it requires a change in business procedures. Planning a meeting for Friday and having a 
profitable quarter are not reasons to change a business process. If a company  goes out of business, it 
would no longer have business processes.  
SOURCE:    OP:476  
SOURCE:    Holmes, T., & Everett, W. (2017, August 12).   What is business process change?   Retrieved 
September 6, 2019, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what -is-business -process -change.htm  
 
   72.   A 
Reduces the time it takes for goods to reach consumers. Supply chain management allows customers to 
more quickly get the products into their hands, which improves their satisfaction. Integrating information 
throughout an organization, improv ing cash flow, and enhancing data quality do not directly increase 
customer satisfaction.  
SOURCE:    OP:477  
SOURCE:    Wisner, J.D., Tan, K., & Leong, G.K. (2019).  Principles of supply chain management  (5th 
ed.) [Lesson 1- 2]. Boston, MA : Cengage Learning, Inc.  
 
   73.   A 
Competitive.  A competitive advantage is the edge achieved by businesses that offer something better than 
their competitors. An absolute advantage is the advantage achieved when a nation can produce a good or 
service at a lower cost than another nati on. Creative advantage and administrative advantage are not terms 
typically used in discussions about innovation.  
SOURCE:    PD:126  
SOURCE:    LAP -PD -126—Ideas in Action (Innovation Skills)  
 
   74.   B 
Stakeholder. Corporate governance is the system of rules and practices that control the company. 
Corporate governance revolves around balancing the desires of the stakeholders in a company. 
Corporate governance is not just concerned with CEO or vendor desires; instead, it focuses on the 
desires of  all  stakeholders, inc luding customers, financiers, the community, the government, and 
managers. Corporate governance is not necessarily concerned with competitor desires.  
SOURCE:    PD:213  
SOURCE:    Chen, J. (2019, April 18).  Corporate governance definition.  Retrieved September 9, 2019, 
from http://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/corporategovernance.asp  
 
   75.   B 
Demonstrating  transparency. Transparency involves maintaining open and truthful communications. For 
corporate governance to be effective, it must be transparent with stakeholders so they are aware of what 
is going on and can make decisions accordingly. Golden Ray Corporation is being transparent by 
releasing a statement about its former board member's personal scandal. Golden Ray Corporation is not 
necessarily lacking accountability, following regulatory guidelines, or measuring internal performance.  
SOURCE:    PD:214  
SOUR CE:    Pearse Trust Blog. (2014, February 19).  The core principles of good corporate governance.  
Retrieved September 6, 2019, from https://www.pearse- trust.ie/blog/bid/108866/The- Core-
Principles -Of-Good- Corporate- Governance  
 
   76.   D 
Borrowing money from a bank . Banks often require an organization with a loan to follow external control 
mechanisms that impact its governance structures. Hiring employees, developing a marketing strategy, 
and raising prices are all common business activities that are not likely to i mpact an organization's 
governance structures.  
SOURCE:    PD:302  
SOURCE:    Davoren, J. (2019).  Three types of corporate governance mechanisms . Retrieved September 
6, 2019, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/three- types -corporate- governance-
mechanisms -66711.htm l 
 

Test 1209             ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM —KEY              25  
 
   77.   D 
Measurable. When an organization is developing performance standards, it should ensure that those 
standards are measurable so that they can actually be used to evaluate performance. Performance 
standards should be objective rather than subjective. They also should be clearly stated in writing rather 
than informally discussed. Finally, performance standards should be realistic rather than extremely 
challenging.  
SOURCE:    PD:256  
SOURCE:    U.S. Office of Personnel Management. (n.d.).  Performance management: Performance 
management cycle.  Retrieved September 6, 2019, from https://www.opm.gov/policy -data-
oversight/performance- management/performance- management -cycle/planning/developing-
performance- standards  
 
   78.   D 
Pricing. Pricing is the determination of an exchange price at which the buyer and seller perceive optimum 
value for a good or service. Promotion stimulates demand for products by informing customers of the 
products' availability. Place decision is the marketing element focusing on considerations in getting a 
selected product in the right place at the right time. Product decision refers to what goods, services, or 
ideas a business will offer its customers.  
SOURCE:    PI:001  
SOURCE:    LAP -PI-002—The Price is Right (Nature of Pricing)  
 
   79.   D 
Profit control.  While there may be times when a business will select a low selling price that generates 
little or no profit for the business, this would not be regular practice. Businesses generally use prices that 
will give them maximum profits and still be accepted by customers. These prices are affected by the 
prices of competitors, government regulation in certain aspects of pricing, and supply and demand for the 
product(s) being sold.  
SOURCE:    PI:002  
SOURCE:    LAP -PI-003— Make Cents (Factors Affecting Selling Price)  
 
   80.   A 
Online customer reviews. Reviews written by customers can provide a wealth of information about a 
business's customer experience. Although negative comments about the business usually outnumber the 
positive ones, reviews can be quite revealing. By read ing customer reviews, a business can find out what 
is good about its customer experience and what needs to be improved. Sales data would not be useful in 
evaluating customer experience. Consumer trends can help a business understand the direction in which 
consumer purchasing is going, but they can't be used to evaluate customer experience either. Kiosks are 
stand- alone structures located in public places that are designed to provide information and sell products, 
not gather information about customer experi ence.  
SOURCE:    PM:138  
SOURCE:    Lamb, C.W., Hair, Jr., J.H., & McDaniel, C. (2019).  MKTG  (12th ed.) [Lesson 6- 2b]. Boston, 
MA : Cengage Learning, Inc.  
 
   81.   D 
Contraction. Contraction of the product mix means removing, or deleting, product items or lines from the 
product mix. A company may decide to do this if a product is no longer profitable. Trading down is a 
product -mix strategy in which a business adds a lower priced product or line to its product mix. Trading 
up is a product -mix strategy in which a business adds a higher priced product or line to its product mix. 
Alteration is a product -mix strategy in which a business makes changes to its product or product lines.  
SOURCE:    PM:003  
SOURCE:    LAP -PM -003— Mix & Match (Nature of the Product Mix)  
 

Test 1209             ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM —KEY              26  
 
   82.   B 
Convenient store hours and receipts for purchases. Stores must be open when it is convenient for 
customers to shop. All stores should provide the customers with receipts for the purchases. The receipts 
are used for accounting and stockkeeping purposes as w ell as for customer convenience and 
satisfaction. Free delivery services are unnecessary for cash and carry stores. Play areas for children are 
unnecessary in stores where shoppers seldom bring children. Not all businesses can afford the time, 
space, and employees needed to offer repair services. Restaurants or snack bars can be a valuable 
service in stores where customers shop for long periods of time, but food- selling areas could often be 
more profitably used for selling other items. Alterations would be offered in some specialty shops, and 
fashion shows are provided by apparel retailers.  
SOURCE:    PM:036  
SOURCE:    Boone, L.E., & Kurtz, D.L. (2019).  Contemporary marketing   (18th ed.) [Lesson 16- 1a]. 
Boston , MA : Cengage Learning, Inc.  
 
   83.   A 
Meaningful to the c ustomer. A unique selling proposition (USP) that is specific to its target market's 
needs is meaningful to the customer. Most college students are looking for affordable, value- priced 
products. This USP is not necessarily difficult to communicate. USPs should be desirable and urgent as 
well as fulfillable, but this USP does not necessarily illustrate those characteristics.  
SOURCE:    PM:272  
SOURCE:    LAP -PM -272— Stand Out (Unique Selling Proposition)  
 
   84.   D 
Persuasive. To be a success, promotional messages should be persuasive and convince buyers that the 
product that is being sold can meet their needs. Relevance is when the promotional message is relevant 
to the audience that it is intended to target —the people that are the most likely to buy the product. 
Repetitious refers to the message being repeated, not heard just one time. Factual refers to the fact that 
the promotional message should be based on facts, not statements that will mislead the person receiv ing 
the message.  
SOURCE:    PR:001  
SOURCE:    LAP -PR -002—Razzle Dazzle (Nature of Promotion)  
 
   85.   B 
Continuity plan. A continuity plan describes strategies to deal with a potential shut down of business 
operations. A safety plan describes strategies to help prevent employee injury during daily operations 
and in emergency situations. A business plan describes the overall business goals of a company. A 
continuity plan often includes an asset security plan that describes strategies to protect valuable assets 
during  a shutdown.  
SOURCE:    SM:012  
SOURCE:    Lazzari, Z. (2018, August 25)  What is a business contingency plan?   Retrieved September 6, 
2019, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/business -contingency -plan -1081.html   
 
   86.   D 
A company asks customers to share product r eviews on a website. Amplified word -of-mouth strategy 
involves a business asking others to help spread the word about its products, such as requesting 
customers to share product reviews on a website. Customers sharing the release date for a new product 
on  Facebook, posting comments about a company on Twitter, and sharing their opinions of a new 
product with a friend are examples of organic word- of-mouth because they were created by consumers, 
not the company.  
SOURCE:    PR:247  
SOURCE:    Warren, M. (2019).  Word of mouth marketing for 2019: How to create a strategy for social 
media buzz & skyrocket referral sales . Retrieved September 6, 2019, from 
https://www.bigcommerce.com/blog/word- of-mouth- marketing/#what -is-word -of-mouth-
marketing 
 

Test 1209             ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM —KEY              27  
 
   87.   C 
Production. The devel opment or production of the direct advertising campaign might include the layout 
and printing costs of a brochure or catalog. Production needs are often outsourced to other companies 
and can be very expensive. Therefore, production costs are primary consid erations when developing a 
direct advertising campaign. Inventory refers to the product that a company has available in stock. 
Research is the act of collecting information. Although research may cost a company money in terms of 
locating vendors (e.g., pri nters), this is not usually as costly as production. Therefore, research is not a 
primary cost. Follow -up is the determination of a customer's satisfaction with a good or service after a 
sales presentation regardless of whether or not a sale was made.  
SOUR CE:    PR:089  
SOURCE:    Bruce, J. (2017, July 31).  How much does direct mail marketing cost?   Retrieved September 
6, 2019, from http://www.mediaspacesolutions.com/blog/how -much- does -direct -mail-
marketing- cost  
 
   88.   C 
Rebate. Sales -promotion techniques are activi ties other than advertising, selling, and personal selling 
that stimulate customer purchases. A rebate is a sales -promotion technique in which a business 
(manufacturer) returns part of the price that a customer (Ben) pays for a good (cell phone) or service. 
Rebates stimulate sales because customers want to receive money back for their purchases. Couponing 
involves the use of printed certificates that entitle the holder to a reduced purchase price. Coupons are 
generally processed at the point of sale. Sweeps takes involve a game of chance in which a customer 
wins a prize. A warranty is a promise made by the seller to the customer that the seller will repair or 
replace a product that does not perform as expected. A warranty is a benefit of purchase rather than a 
sales -promotion technique.  
SOURCE:    PR:249  
SOURCE:    Boone, L.E., & Kurtz, D.L. (2019).  Contemporary marketing   (18th ed.) [Lesson 18- 6a]. 
Boston , MA : Cengage Learning, Inc.  
 
   89.   C 
Crisis management. Crisis management is a public relations strategy that  involves the ongoing 
managing, planning, and coordinating of resources to handle undesirable situations or circumstances. 
Market segmentation is the process of dividing a total market into smaller, specific groups. Territory 
development refers to the expansion of a selling area. Talent acquisition is the process of finding and 
hiring employees.  
SOURCE:    PR:252  
SOURCE:    Lamb, C.W., Hair, Jr., J.H., & McDaniel, C. (2019).  MKTG  (12th ed.) [Lesson 16- 5a]. Boston, 
MA : Cengage Learning, Inc.  
 
   90.   A 
A customer complains that her/his new cell phone battery quit working after one week. Quality 
management is the coordination of resources to ensure the degree of excellence of a process, good, or 
service. If customers complain that goods are breaking or not working after  a short period of time (e.g., 
cell phone batteries), there may be a product -durability problem. After a problem is detected, the 
business can determine why the problem is occurring and then take steps to fix the problem, which will 
restore or improve the  quality of the product. Returning a sweater that is a wrong size, complaining about 
the way a steak has been prepared, and returning a software package because it does not work with a 
computer are examples of compatibility issues.  
SOURCE:    QM:001  
SOURCE:    LAP -QM -001 —Keep It Quality (The Nature of Quality Management)  
 
   91.   A 
Categorize. A risk management plan helps separate risks into categories, which helps them be properly 
organized and easier to manage. Risk management programs do not necessarily encourage, prevent, or 
process risk.  
SOURCE:    RM:045  
SOURCE:    Educba. (2016, July 19).  6 basic steps to develop a project risk management plan.  Retrieved 
September 6, 2019, from https://www.educba.com/project -risk -management -plan/  
 

Test 1209             ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM —KEY              28  
 
   92.   B 
An increasingly diverse arr ay of risks. In the past, risks were managed through the purchase of 
insurance. However, companies have begun to manage many different types of risks that need to be 
managed on a broader level. Enterprise risk management is now a plan- based strategy that i s 
incorporated throughout an organization. Enterprise risk management has not developed due to the 
elimination of certain insurance plans, reduced government regulation, or declining quality standards.  
SOURCE:    RM:062  
SOURCE:    Kenton, W. (2019, July 2).  Ente rprise risk management.  Retrieved September 4, 2019, from 
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/e/enterprise- risk -management.asp 
 
   93.   A 
Computer. A computer has the characteristics of a tangible item. Tangible items are those that can be 
touched, smelled, tasted, and/or seen. A car wash, a haircut, and a lawyer's advice are all services.  
SOURCE:    SE:017  
SOURCE:    LAP -SE- 017 —Sell Away (The Nature and Scope of Selling)  
 
   94.   D 
Managers. A business's managers are the ones who set the example and create an ethical e nvironment. 
If managers behave in an ethical way and make it clear that unethical behavior will be punished, 
employees will follow the lead. On the other hand, if managers behave unethically, employees will often 
do the same because they think such behavior is acceptable. Attorneys and consultants are outside the 
business and do not influence the business's ethical atmosphere.  
SOURCE:    SM:002  
SOURCE:    Universal Class. (1999- 2019).  Your legal and ethical responsibilities as a manager in the 
workplace.  Retrieved September 6, 2019, from 
https://www.universalclass.com/articles/business/your -legal -and- ethical -responsibilities -as-a-
manager.htm  
 
   95.   B 
Company description, financial plan, and marketing plan. A comprehensive business plan consists of 
many elements inc luding detailed financial, marketing, product, service, management, operating, and 
legal plans. The company description defines the type and purpose of the business. The summary is an 
overview that highlights the main points of the various plans. Although some businesses might include 
information such as franchise agreements, annual reports, and sales reports, these items are not always 
applicable to the business and, therefore, are not always components that are included in a business 
plan.  
SOURCE:    SM:007  
SOURCE:    LAP -SM -007— Plan Now, Succeed Later (Nature of Business Plans)  
 
   96.   D 
The business can change its marketing mix. While the business cannot control the external factors in the 
environment that affect the business, the business can change its marketi ng mix (price, place, product, 
promotion) to reflect any shifts in the environment. That is why most businesses prefer to be proactive by 
planning ways to cope with expected changes. Government regulations can increase the costs of doing 
business, and the marketing mix may be affected by technology, but those are not reasons the business 
should consider the impact of changes on the marketing mix.  
SOURCE:    SM:011  
SOURCE:    Riley, J. (2019).  External environment: Introduction (GCSE) . Retrieved September 6, 2019,  
from https://www.tutor2u.net/business/reference/external -environment -introduction  
 
   97.   D 
Persuasive. Persuasive direct mail makes consumer response easy by including stamped, self -
addressed envelopes or toll -free telephone numbers. This encourages immedi ate action. The goal of 
informative direct mail is to provide consumers with background information on a good or service. 
Reminder direct mail's main purpose is to make the consumer stop to consider the product being offered. 
Utility mailings are a functio nal part of mailing such as a business reply postcard.  
SOURCE:    PR:007  
SOURCE:    LAP -PR -003—Types of Promotional Media  
 

Test 1209             ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM —KEY              29  
 
   98.   D 
5% higher. Businesses often compare their income from sales and the cost of buying those goods to the 
industry standard to determine  if they are spending too much based on the profit earned. If the industry 
standard is 30% gross profit, a business wants to make sure that it is earning that amount. In order to 
calculate the percent of gross profit, first subtract the cost of goods sold from annual sales to determine 
gross profit ($400,000 -  $260,000 = $140,000). Then, divide that figure by annual sales ($140,000 / 
$400,000 = .35). Convert that figure to a percentage by multiplying by 100 (.35 X 100 = 35%). In this 
case, the business is earning 35% gross profit which is 5% higher than the industry standard.  
SOURCE:    SM:005  
SOURCE:    Hayes, A. (2019, April 18).  Gross profit definition.  Retrieved September 6, 2019 from 
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/g/grossprofit.asp  
 
   99.   C 
Adaptability.  Innovation requires change and learning to be successful. Organizations that encourage 
adaptability and know how to accept change are much more likely to innovate successfully. 
Organizations that avoid change are likely less equipped for innovation. Organi zations that lack 
leadership or that motivate with fear are not necessarily better equipped for innovation.  
SOURCE:    SM:094  
SOURCE:    Decision Innovation. (2009- 2019).  Managing change and innovation—Getting the most from 
the innovation funnel.  Retrieved September 6, 2019, from http://www.innovation-
management.org/managing -change- and- innovation.html  
 
 100.   A 
Change. Change management is a set of strategies designed to ensure that changes in an organization 
are smoothly and thoroughly implemented. By helping the  accounting staff make the transition to a new 
software, Antonio is engaging in change management. He is not performing inventory management, 
operations management, or supply chain management.  
SOURCE:    SM:095  
SOURCE:    Mind Tools. (1996- 2019).  Change management.  Retrieved September 6, 2019, from 
https://www.mindtools.com/pages/article/newPPM_87.htm  
 
 