1. The owner of the Vidal Boutique verbally offers to sell Briele's original hat designs in the shop and to give her a 50% commission on the sale of the hats. Briele verbally agrees to deliver two new hats for the shop to sell each week. Briele and the boutique owner's agreement is an example of a(n) __________ contract.
A. voidable
B. implied
C. express
D. executed

2. Which of the following prevents individuals other than the holder from making, selling, or using an invention:
A. Trademark
B. Patent
C. Copyright
D. Trade secret

3. Allison just started her own photography business. She will be working alone, and she doesn't anticipate many business expenses or lawsuits. Which type of business ownership is best for Allison?
A. Sole proprietorship
B. Limited liability company (LLC)
C. Corporation
D. Partnership

4. Which of the following is the type of tax that businesses are required to collect from customers when they purchase certain goods or services:
A. Corporate
B. Income
C. Estate
D. Sales

5. Loggins Forestry and Mill Company sells wood to Henderson Wood Products. Henderson sells the wood to Franklin Construction Company, who uses the wood to build homes and office buildings. What is the channel of distribution for the wood products?
A. Agent to industrial user to retailer to consumer
B. Producer to industrial user to consumer
C. Agent to wholesaler to consumer
D. Producer to industrial distributor to industrial user

6. Wingo's sells the products it produces through its own catalog, which is a form of ___________ distribution.
A. direct
B. indirect
C. middleman
D. industrial

7. A business deciding to sell custom-made items directly to consumers is an example of selecting a distribution channel based on the
A. product
B. market
C. price
D. location

8. Which of the following helps the reader find specific elements of a formal report:
A. Table of contents
B. Title page
C. Executive summary
D. Conclusion

9. What should a successful brand promise be able to do?
A. Convey a high-quality image
B. Clarify the company's processes
C. Customize the product for each customer
D. Communicate an appealing benefit

10. Which of the following is an example of an uninsurable risk:
A. Fire
B. Business interruption
C. Customer buying habits
D. Personal injury

11. Which of the following is an example of a government regulation that affects a business's working conditions:
A. Minimum wage
B. Food inspection
C. Zoning laws
D. Price supports

12. You are the manager of a small-scale manufacturing company. You are faced with the decision to buy newer, more expensive equipment that is highly efficient, or to continue using the older, less efficient equipment. Your company would need to increase _________ to make up the cost of the purchase of the new equipment.
A. workers
B. output
C. managers
D. advertising

13. Which of the following are secondary dimensions of diversity:
A. Family status, ethnicity, and communication style
B. Religion, work experience, and gender
C. Income, family status, and education level
D. Work experience, nationality, and age

14. Rob has a job interview this afternoon. In the morning, he goes over his other job offers to figure out which job he will accept (and what the salary and benefits are) if this employer doesn't offer him a position. Rob is developing his
A. role
B. BATNA
C. walk-away point
D. style

15. The first step toward becoming a leader is
A. believing you can do it
B. being a role model
C. becoming a manager
D. demonstrating empathy

16. When determining venture-creation opportunities, entrepreneurs must first
A. conduct research
B. obtain financing
C. identify staffing needs
D. select a location

17. Which of the following statements is true regarding stakeholder expectations:
A. Each group of stakeholders has different needs and expectations
B. Stakeholder expectations are always financially driven
C. All stakeholders want to exert authority over employees
D. Stakeholder expectations always come second to customer needs

18. Why is it important to share the best techniques for performing a job task with your coworkers?
A. It can reduce your work responsibilities
B. Your coworkers will consider you an expert
C. It will convince your boss to promote you
D. It builds good working relationships

19. Which of the following sets of characteristics best describes careers in entrepreneurship:
A. Unpredictable, low-risk
B. Routine, predictable
C. Expensive, low-energy, relaxed
D. Innovative, risky, time-intensive

20. The entrepreneurs best equipped to work long hours and overcome obstacles are ones who possess
A. passion for their work
B. financial knowledge
C. technological skills
D. confidence

21. Ariana wants to promote her handcrafted jewelry in several different countries. Promoting her products in multiple countries is most likely to result in
A. exposure to new markets
B. reduced financial risk
C. fewer cultural barriers
D. fewer compliance challenges

22. What is the first step in entrepreneurial discovery?
A. Determining the risks and rewards
B. Screening the product ideas
C. Analyzing the feasibility of an idea
D. Identifying an unmet want or need

23. A person who is a high achiever is often positively viewed by others as a
A. follower
B. show-off
C. leader
D. risk-taker

24. What question should an entrepreneur ask regarding the timing of a new product release?
A. Should I move the product through direct or indirect channels?
B. Is the market willing and able to pay for the product?
C. How much money should I allocate for next month's advertising?
D. What is the optimal break-even point for the product?

25. The technical or logistical section of the feasibility study includes information about
A. what the target market wants
B. potential profitability
C. chain of command
D. where the work will happen

26. Jacob, a new business owner, is developing an inventory list of items to sell to customers. What type of planning activity is Jacob focusing on?
A. Human resources
B. Operational
C. Financial
D. Knowledge management

27. Which of the following is a business opportunity that requires a person to purchase the right to sell an established good or service under the parent company's name:
A. Incorporation
B. Franchise
C. Foreign
D. Brokerage

28. A small-business owner might register for trademark protection for the company's
A. computer software
B. invention
C. trade secret
D. logo

29. What is a primary factor that small-business owners should consider when deciding to hire additional staff members?
A. Training methods
B. Interview techniques
C. Payroll expenses
D. Product standards

30. What is a possible downside of obtaining investment from venture capitalists?
A. The increased chance of failure
B. Repaying the money
C. The slow rate of growth
D. Sharing company ownership

31. Sally wants to incorporate her company and contracts a law firm to handle the legal aspects of the process. This is an example of
A. outsourcing
B. exporting
C. staffing
D. designating

32. Looking at problems from various points of view helps a small-business owner develop
A. practical arguments
B. creative solutions
C. unnecessary conflicts
D. unpredictable results

33. Finemart's bookkeeper journalizes the business's income and expenditures at the time they occur even if no money changes hands at that time. Finemart uses the __________ accounting method to record transactions.
A. cash
B. accrual
C. managerial
D. tax

34. Which of the following is a source of cash that businesses include in a cash flow statement:
A. Payables
B. Expenses
C. Loans
D. Assets

35. Which of the following are listed as long-term assets on a balance sheet:
A. Land, cash, and mortgage
B. Buildings, vehicles, and capital equipment
C. Vehicles, insurance, and accounts payable
D. Capital equipment, mortgage, and inventory

36. If you want to analyze your business's income statement, what basic calculation should you use?
A. Expenses minus income
B. Income minus expenses
C. Profit minus income
D. Income minus profit

37. Which of the following is an example of a business obtaining funds through equity financing:
A. Borrowing money from friends
B. Obtaining credit from vendors
C. Selling stock to investors
D. Negotiating loans with banks

38. An established company has achieved a steady, positive cash flow. Which of the following types of funding is it most likely to rely on for unexpected expenses:
A. Collateral
B. A business line of credit
C. Venture capital
D. The company's capital structure

39. If a business gains ground on its competitors, which of the following benefits is it experiencing:
A. Increased expenses
B. Increased profits
C. Increased market share
D. Increased productivity

40. Which of the following is an example of a variable expense:
A. Equipment leases
B. Rent/Mortgage
C. Packaging/Shipping costs
D. Salaries

41. Which of the following financial analysis methods is used to show the relationship of each component to the total within a single financial statement:
A. Vertical analysis
B. Horizontal analysis
C. Industry analysis
D. Fundamental analysis

42. Which of the following is an example of an employee-assistance program:
A. Compensation
B. Career and education planning
C. Training on the use of dangerous power equipment
D. Corrective action

43. Before selecting new employees, employers should take time to determine
A. retirement plans
B. advancement options
C. job specifications
D. physical characteristics

44. Why is it important to provide an overview of an initial training session with staff members before training begins?
A. It gives staff members the opportunity to study before training begins
B. It lets staff members know what to expect during the training
C. It enables staff members to succeed in the training sessions
D. It helps staff members decide if they need the training

45. The last step in handling employee grievances should be to __________ the problem.
A. identify
B. analyze
C. follow up
D. consider

46. Which of the following guidelines would be the most appropriate for a supervisor to follow when administering remedial action:
A. Take action in the presence of the employee's coworkers
B. Resume a normal attitude toward the employee as quickly as possible
C. Let personnel handle minor problems with employees
D. Delay taking action so that the connection between the infraction and the penalty becomes blurred

47. Which of the following is a requirement for good decision-making:
A. A college degree
B. Data
C. At least three options
D. Money

48. Which of the following best describes the type of company that benefits most from marketing research:
A. Large corporations with plans to change marketing strategies
B. Any business wanting to improve its decision-making abilities
C. Small businesses who wish to expand their operations
D. Nonprofit organizations interested in their competition

49. Which of the following is an example of communicating with customers:
A. Sponsoring a charity event
B. Creating a new product
C. Choosing a store to distribute products
D. Developing a marketing plan

50. Marketers plan where they need to go and how to get there efficiently in order to
A. lay out their strategies
B. achieve satisfying connections
C. measure their success
D. agree upon a goal
51. General Motors' attempt to meet the needs of specific groups of consumers by offering trucks, large cars, and compact cars is an example of __________ segmentation.
A. demographic
B. educational
C. geographic
D. market

52. What is the relationship between shareholders and the board of directors?
A. The board of directors represents the shareholders
B. The shareholders pay dividends to the board of directors
C. The shareholders make decisions for the board of directors
D. The board of directors holds the shareholders accountable

53. One reason it is important for a business to develop a marketing plan is that the plan
A. increases the business's financial security in an unpredictable environment
B. reduces the need to implement corrective action or contingency plans
C. provides guidelines for personnel to meet the company's objectives
D. allows the business to focus on short-term goals instead of long-term goals

54. When translating performance measures for marketing activities into financial outcomes, which outcome usually is of most importance to management?
A. Tax level
B. Interest rate
C. Net profit
D. Unit price

55. What are important considerations in establishing hardware/software specifications for a business?
A. User needs, mobility, delivery terms, and technical support
B. Capabilities, compatibility, reliability, and cost
C. Security, social media policies, performance, and licensing
D. Strategic planning, training, upgrades, and cost

56. Reiki is searching the company's extensive database for sales records of certain products to determine where, when, and how they were purchased. She hopes to find patterns that could help determine ways to increase sales. Reiki is currently using
A. sales strategy
B. data cleansing
C. data mining
D. sales techniques

57. What is the best way for David to protect his small company's business records from natural disasters such as fires and floods?
A. Store copies of the records in another facility or site
B. Keep the records in unlocked file cabinets in the facility's warehouse
C. Delegate an employee to ensure that the records are continually updated
D. Purchase insurance from a reputable source

58. Ashley owns a small hardware shop. Every month, she reviews her inventory lists to see which products are popular and which are not. Using this information, Ashley is able to order the appropriate amount of each product for her store. This is an example of the importance of
A. ignoring inventory when ordering
B. over-purchasing certain products
C. stocking a diverse array of products
D. monitoring internal records

59. When a business has too much inventory on hand for an extended period of time, what type of business cost increases?
A. Holding
B. Maintenance
C. Production
D. Stockout

60. Using a locked mailbox, implementing a “last person out” policy, and numbering building keys are all examples of policies and procedures designed to
A. determine which employees can and can't be trusted
B. prevent employees from stealing from the workplace
C. foster a positive workplace culture for employees
D. maintain the physical security of a workplace

61. Molly purchases raw materials for a factory that changes the shape or appearance of those materials through a process known as
A. transformation
B. affirmation
C. specification
D. negotiation

62. Calculate the percentage of deliveries made on time if a business placed 160 orders within a six-month period, and 144 of the orders arrived within the desired time frame.
A. 85%
B. 90%
C. 75%
D. 80%

63. When is it more economical for a business to lease rather than to buy a facility?
A. When mortgage money is plentiful
B. When interest rates are low
C. When credit standing is high
D. When available cash is limited

64. If a company's sales decrease steadily over time, it might decide to control spending by
A. increasing stock
B. reducing payroll
C. monitoring investments
D. adjusting interest rates

65. To effectively manage a supply chain, companies should
A. ignore underperforming suppliers and distributors
B. monitor the performance of all supply chain partners
C. introduce frequent changes to the production process
D. launch new products through multiple suppliers

66. What is Claire doing when she reviews a report that compares the purchase transactions of the company's four largest customers?
A. Conducting a sales analysis
B. Preparing a purchasing forecast
C. Organizing an inventory report
D. Analyzing service performance

67. Every __________ is the result of a process.
A. project
B. activity
C. input
D. outcome

68. An Internet and cable provider is considering whether to implement a new process that would require its customer service agents to work the phone lines for 24 hours a day instead of the previous 12 hours a day. What type of factor will most likely impact the design of this new process?
A. Human
B. Regulatory
C. Technological
D. Environmental

69. Improved performance, reduced costs, increased profitability, and competitive advantage are most likely to be reasons why a business may choose to engage in
A. community outreach
B. anti-harassment training
C. human resources management
D. business process change

70. Fostering efficiency in the production process is a goal of
A. managerial accounting
B. supply chain management
C. human resources management
D. information technology

71. Which of the following statements regarding the relationship between a business and its supply chain is true:
A. A business's supply chain has very little impact on the business's overall success
B. If a business's supply chain is poorly managed, customer satisfaction is likely to suffer
C. Effective supply chain management results in lower customer satisfaction
D. Supply chains with organizational problems tend to boost members' overall success

72. After Courtney finds the man's order, she lets him know it will arrive later that afternoon. He seems to be pleased, so Courtney knows she did the right thing. Which step of problem solving does this situation illustrate?
A. Determine possible solutions
B. Evaluate the solution
C. Define the problem
D. State and check assumptions

73. In a business, who is responsible for determining how much money a CEO should make?
A. The vice president
B. The previous CEO
C. All of the employees
D. The board of directors

74. What is a business usually better able to do when it selects a certain target market?
A. Eliminate ethical dilemmas
B. Control expenses and increase profits
C. Focus marketing decisions on a specific group of people
D. Change the variable-cost margin to quickly achieve break-even point

75. Which of the following factors differentiates the governance structure of a small business from a large business:
A. The number of owners
B. The need for a board of directors
C. The impact of governance policies
D. The presence of investors

76. Which of the following statements regarding corporate governance is true:
A. All companies need a board of directors to perform corporate governance
B. Small organizations do not need corporate governance
C. Corporate governance can benefit organizations of any size
D. Large companies are better at monitoring corporate governance

77. TRISM Co. sets an organizational goal to gain 100 new clients. To do so, each sales rep must contact five prospects per week. This is an example of
A. designing an organizational structure
B. aligning personal goals with company goals
C. establishing performance standards
D. generating new product ideas

78. Which of the following markets is characterized by a large number of buyers and sellers, none of whom has a significant influence on price:
A. Monopoly
B. Oligopoly
C. Pure competition
D. Monopolistic competition

79. During periods when employment is high and the nation's outlook is optimistic, selling prices of products tend to increase. This is an example of selling prices affected by
A. supply and demand
B. economic conditions
C. competition
D. government regulation

80. What do businesses usually consider during the process of determining the initial feasibility of a new product idea?
A. Need for the product
B. Value of promotion
C. Complexity of the product
D. Type of packaging

81. Which of the following is an example of a product line:
A. A double cheeseburger
B. Notebooks, scratch pads, and stationery
C. An automobile tire
D. Candy, games, and shampoo

82. Marketing a lower priced version of an item in a product line under a different brand name than the higher priced version enables the business to
A. contract the product mix
B. avoid damage to brand reputation and image
C. confuse buyers resulting in negative net gain
D. offset expenses of adding a new product line

83. A business should consider eliminating a specific customer service when the service
A. is being used by a majority of the business's customers
B. becomes essential to completing the sale of some items
C. is making a larger profit than ever before
D. becomes too expensive, or no longer serves the intended purpose

84. Internal factors that affect a company's promotional decisions include the
A. product, technology, and market
B. environment and market demand
C. product, its price, and distribution
D. economy, distribution, and price

85. Under which of the following circumstances is the response to direct email likely to be the highest:
A. The postal mail service delivers the ad on time
B. The delivered ad is strictly informational in nature
C. Recipients have given the advertiser permission to send the ad
D. The advertiser sends out an unsolicited ad to thousands of recipients

86. What is a benefit to businesses of positive word-of-mouth communication?
A. Decreased operating expense
B. Decreased advertising costs
C. Increased product mix
D. Increased sales

87. What is an example of a company using a direct marketing channel?
A. Creating an ad that is promoted on social media
B. Hiring a research company to conduct marketing surveys
C. Advertising products in a popular magazine
D. Responding to customer ideas and requests via email

88. Which of the following is a type of sales promotion that provides customers with immediate rewards:
A. Product displays
B. Mail-in rebates
C. Loyalty programs
D. Price-off deals

89. Which of the following is a public relations activity that involves dealing with government officials:
A. Advising
B. Lobbying
C. Counseling
D. Writing

90. Which of the following is a process that weeds out defective products after they've been created:
A. Quality control
B. Quality assurance
C. Quality improvement
D. Quality command

91. Risk should be managed
A. through the purchase of insurance
B. on a case-by-case basis
C. after an incident has occurred
D. as a part of business strategy

92. It is particularly challenging for companies to assess external business risks because such risks are
A. often the result of poor corporate governance
B. primarily due to factors within the company itself
C. generally unpredictable and out of the companies' control
D. usually predictable and in the companies' control

93. Stimulating demand for goods is one of the responsibilities of which of the following marketing functions:
A. Selling
B. Financing
C. Distribution
D. Risk management

94. Which part of the business plan describes a company's pricing policies?
A. Situational analysis
B. Financial plan
C. Marketing plan
D. Segment analysis

95. The objectives that managers develop for a business to attain are also intended to serve as operating
A. requirements
B. standards
C. regulations
D. guidelines

96. Which of the following is a promotion-related question that a business might ask in order to adjust its marketing mix in response to environmental changes:
A. Which channels of distribution will we use?
B. To whom should we offer discounts?
C. Is our product aimed at a specific market?
D. What laws affect our advertising?

97. A business had a net profit of $76,000 last year on sales of $680,000 and this year had a net profit of $84,000 on sales of $700,000. What is the percent of increase in net profit?
A. 1.5%
B. .5%
C. 1%
D. 2%

98. Key performance indicators used to assess business performance should align with the business's
A. corporate culture
B. operating expenses
C. goals and objectives
D. payroll and benefits

99. Tyrone, a new employee, had to attend daily training sessions for his first two weeks on the job. He learned a lot about the company and his new role, but he didn't retain much of it over time. This example demonstrates that
A. training sessions are useless for most employees
B. knowledge is fleeting and hard to hold onto
C. learning and knowledge are the same thing
D. learning doesn't always lead to knowledge

100. Change management strategies often fail because
A. they don't include everyone in the change process
B. employees dedicate too much time to the change process
C. competitors have implemented the changes already
D. low-level employees are given too much responsibility

/////
  1.  C 
Express. Since both parties have verbally ex pressed or agreed to what they will do, an express contract 
exists. An implied contract is not a formal agreement, but an understanding that develops from 
conducting business with another party. A voidable contract exists when one party has committed fraud 
or misrepresentation; there is no indication of misconduct in the situation described. An executed contract 
only exists after both parties have met their obligations.  
SOURCE:    BL:002 Describe the nature of legally binding contracts  
SOURCE:    UpCounsel. (2020).  Express contract: Everything you need to know.  Retrieved August 25, 
2020, from https://www.upcounsel.com/express -contra 
 
     2.  B 
Patent. There are three primary protections for intellectual property: patents, trademarks, and copyrights. 
Patents provide  legal protection for an invention, meaning that the patent holder can legally exclude other 
entities from making, selling, or using the patented invention. A trademark is a symbol, design, or word 
used by a producer to identify a good or service and regist ered with the government to prevent use by 
others. A copyright provides legal protection for books and other artistic works. A trade secret is 
undisclosed information within a particular business or industry. There is no legal protection for trade 
secrets.  
SOURCE:    BL:051 Describe methods used to protect intellectual property  
SOURCE:    UpCounsel. (2020, June 23).  Intellectual property protection.  Retrieved August 25, 2020, 
from https://www.upcounsel.com/intellectual -property -protection  
 
     3.  A 
Sole  proprietorship. Sole proprietorships are businesses with just one owner. They are typically the 
easiest type of business to start. However, the business owner is legally responsible for all debts and 
lawsuits. Since Allison is starting a business by hersel f and doesn't expect many lawsuits, a sole 
proprietorship is ideal for her. A partnership is similar to a sole proprietorship, except that it involves two 
business owners. A corporation is a separate legal entity owned by shareholders. The corporation itself is 
responsible for debts and legal actions. Corporations are complex and usually recommended for much 
larger businesses than Allison's. Limited liability companies (LLCs) combine features of corporations and 
partnerships. They make more sense for business owners who have a large amount of debt or a higher 
risk of being sued.  
SOURCE:    BL:003 Explain types of business ownership  
SOURCE:    Laurence, B. (2020).  Learn about business ownership structures.  Retrieved August 25, 2020, 
from http://www.nolo.com/legal -encyclopedia/learn- about -business -ownership- structures -
29785.html  
 
     4.  D 
Sales. Sales taxes are monies charged on sales of certain goods and services by state and/or local 
governments. The tax amount varies by location. After the business collects the sales tax from customers 
for their purchases, it pays the monies to the appropriate government agency. Income taxes are monies 
that the business withholds from its employees' wages. Estate taxes are monies that are collected from a 
person's estate upon his/her  death. Corporations rather than customers pay corporate taxes.  
SOURCE:    BL:009 Explain the nature of tax regulations on business  
SOURCE:    Kagan, J. (2020, May 31).  Sales tax definition.  Retrieved August 25, 2020, from 
http://www.investopedia.com/terms/s/sal estax.asp 
 
     5.  D 
Producer to industrial distributor to industrial user. In the example, Loggins is the producer because it 
grows the trees and mills the timber into usable units. Henderson is the industrial distributor (wholesaler) 
because it sells smaller amounts of the wood products to users such as the Franklin Construction 
Company. Franklin uses the wood products to build homes and office buildings. Homes and buildings are 
sold to the ultimate consumers. Agents are businesses or individuals who assist in the sale and/or 
promotion of products but do not buy them from the producer. Retailers purchase finished goods to resell 
to the consumer.  
SOURCE:    CM:001 Explain the nature and scope of channel management  
SOURCE:    LAP -CM -002—Chart Your Channels (Channel Management)  
 

Test 1230              ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM —KEY               11  
 
     6.  A 
Direct. Direct distribution is a channel of distribution in which goods and services move directly from the 
producer to the consumer or industrial user. Indirect distribution is where goods and services move from 
the producer to the chan nel members and then to consumers or industrial users. Industrial and 
middleman are not terms that are used to describe businesses that sell products directly to consumer or 
end users.  
SOURCE:    CM:003 Explain the nature of channels of distribution  
SOURCE:    LAP -CM -003—Channel It (Channels of Distribution)  
 
     7.  A 
Product. When selecting a distribution channel, businesses often consider several factors. One of these 
factors is the type of product. For some products, it is more effective for the business to sell  them directly 
to consumers rather than through several channel members. For example, a business that sells custom -
made items that meet a customer's specific requirements, or that need to be installed, probably would 
sell directly to consumers. Using an intermediary would make it more complicated because instructions 
would need to be passed back and forth between the business and the customer by way of the 
intermediary. A business deciding to sell custom -made items directly to consumers is not an example of  
selecting a distribution channel based on the market, the price, or the location.  
SOURCE:    CM:010 Select channels of distribution  
SOURCE:    Waksman, K. (2020, January 3).  How to choose the right distribution channel for your 
business.  Retrieved August 25, 2020, from https://www.thebalancesmb.com/choose- best -
distribution- channel -for -your -business -3502272  
 
     8.  A 
Table of contents. The table of contents is in the front of the report, and it directs readers to areas of the 
report that are of particular interest  to them. A title page identifies the report's subject, author(s), and the 
place and location of preparation. A short synopsis of the report is called an executive summary. The 
conclusion summarizes the main points based solely on the report's findings.  
SOU RCE:    CO:009 Prepare complex written reports  
SOURCE:    Benjamin, A. (n.d.).  What is the purpose of a table of contents?   Retrieved August 25, 2020, 
from https://penandthepad.com/purpose- table -contents -6690372.html  
 
     9.  D 
Communicate an appealing benefit. A br and promise is a business's agreement (spoken or unspoken) 
with customers that it will consistently meet their expectations and deliver on its brand characteristics and 
values. Before the business can deliver on its brand promise, it must have a product that offers an 
appealing benefit —one that persuades the target market to buy. For example, FedEx provides delivery 
services. The company's brand promise focuses on reliability. Therefore, FedEx promises to get its 
customers' packages to their destinations in  a  reliable   manner —safely, quickly, and courteously —every 
time, which is an appealing benefit for most customers. A procedure is the step- by-step process that a 
person follows when performing a specific task. Customization involves making the product unique for 
each customer. Customization, a high- quality image, and the process by which the business delivers its 
products may be elements of a company's brand promise.  
SOURCE:    CR:001 Identify company's brand promise 
SOURCE:    Frederiksen, L. (2020, April 27).  Elements of a successful brand 4: Brand promise . Retrieved 
August 25, 2020, from https://hingemarketing.com/blog/story/elements -of-a-successful -
brand- 4-brand- promise1  
 
   10.   C 
Customer buying habits. Buying habits can change quickly and for many unpredictable  reasons; 
therefore, insurance companies will not assume risk coverage. The other alternatives are considered 
insurable risks which can be covered by various types of insurance policies.  
SOURCE:    EC:011 Determine factors affecting business risk  
SOURCE:    LAP -EC -003— Lose, Win, or Draw (Business Risk)  
 

Test 1230              ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM —KEY               12  
 
   11.   A 
Minimum wage. Government regulation of business includes regulating working conditions provided by 
businesses. One such regulation involves minimum -wage laws that specify the lowest hourly wage that 
busines ses can pay workers. Zoning laws are intended to protect business property. The inspection of 
food is intended to protect consumers. Government price supports maintain the price of a good or service 
to enable the producers to earn a profit.  
SOURCE:    EC:008  Determine the relationship between government and business  
SOURCE:    LAP -EC -016—Regulate and Protect (Government and Business)  
 
   12.   B 
Output. Increased output would lead to increased sales. It is usually the desire for increased output and 
efficiency that c auses businesses to purchase new production equipment. Typically when a company 
buys new equipment, it does not need to hire new workers. Increasing the number of managers would 
have no effect in offsetting the cost of the new equipment. Increases in adver tising would mean greater 
overhead expenditures, which also would not offset the cost of the equipment.  
SOURCE:    EC:077 Describe the concept of economies of scale  
SOURCE:    Herold, T. (2020).  What is economic output?   Retrieved August 25, 2020, from 
https://ww w.financial- dictionary.info/terms/economic -output/  
 
   13.   C 
Income, family status, and education level. Secondary dimensions of diversity are differences that may 
change at various points throughout one's lifetime and include such characteristics as language, religion, 
income, geographic location, family status, communication style, and education level. Primary 
dimensions of diversity are inborn differences that cannot be changed and affect a person's entire life 
and include such characteristics as age, gender, race/ethnicity, nationality, physical traits, and abilities 
(both mental and physical).  
SOURCE:    EI:033 Exhibit cultural sensitivity  
SOURCE:    LAP -EI-033—Getting To Know You (Cultural Sensitivity)  
 
   14.   B 
BATNA. Rob is developing his Best Alternative to  a Negotiated Agreement, also known as his BATNA. If 
this job interview doesn't result in an offer, Rob is prepared with another option. Rob's BATNA also gives 
him leverage if he needs to negotiate salary or benefits. He won't feel pressured to take whatever the 
employer offers him because he knows he has another alternative. Rob is not developing his role—
knowing your role is primarily useful in group negotiations, where different group members may take on 
different roles (such as "good cop" or "bad cop"). The walk -away point is the point at which it is no longer 
feasible or profitable to do business with the other party. This is also useful for Rob to determine before 
his interview, but it's not what he's doing in this example. Style refers to the way a per son negotiates. 
Although everyone has a negotiating style, this is not what Rob is determining.  
SOURCE:    EI:062 Demonstrate negotiation skills  
SOURCE:    LAP -EI-062— Make It a Win- Win (Negotiation in Business)  
 
   15.   A 
Believing you can do it. Everyone, regardless of position, can become a leader. The first step is believing 
you can do it. Leaders are often role models, but this isn't a quality someone needs to have before 
becoming a leader. Managers can be leaders, but it isn't necessary for a leader to have a p osition of 
authority. In fact, some experts argue that many people in management positions are actually ineffective 
leaders. Empathy is certainly an important characteristic for a leader to have, but it isn't the first step.  
SOURCE:    EI:009 Explain the conc ept of leadership  
SOURCE:    LAP -EI-016— Lead the Way (Concept of Leadership)  
 

Test 1230              ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM —KEY               13  
 
   16.   A 
Conduct research. A venture opportunity is a circumstance that presents itself as a favorable means of 
starting a new business. Entrepreneurs often look for venture- creation opportunities by doing research. 
The research might involve networking, watching trends, or reading journals and reports. After the 
entrepreneur assesses and screens a venture- opportunity for its potential, s/he would obtain financing, 
identify staffing needs, and select a location for the business.  
SOURCE:    EN:004 Determine opportunities for venture creation  
SOURCE:    McClure, B. (2020, April 9).  How venture capitalists make investment choices.  Retrieved 
August 25, 2020, from ht tps://www.investopedia.com/articles/financial -theory/11/how -
venture- capitalists -make -investment -choices.asp  
 
   17.   A 
Each group of stakeholders has different needs and expectations. Stakeholders are people who are 
affected by a project's or business's success or failure. The needs and expectations of different groups of 
stakeholders depend on the individual perspectives of those stakeholders. Stakeholder expectations are 
not always financially driven. All stakeholders do not necessarily want to exert authority over employees; 
furthermore, employees  are  stakeholders. Stakeholder expectations do not always come second to 
customer needs; customers  are  stakeholders, and their expectations are considered alongside other 
stakeholders.  
SOURCE:    EI:113 Determine stakeholder expectations  
SOURCE:    McHale, B. (2019, September 3).  How to manage expectations during your project.  
Retrieve d August 25, 2020, from https://www.projectcentral.com/blog/manage- expectations/  
 
   18.   D 
It builds good working relationships. Helping your coworkers builds trust and teamwork, which improves 
your working relationships. Employees who share their knowledge build a stronger team and a positive 
work environment. Being helpful doesn't necessarily cause your coworkers to view you as an expert or 
convince your boss to promote you. When you teach your coworkers the best techniques, your team is 
likely to work more  efficiently, but it doesn't reduce your work responsibilities.  
SOURCE:    EI:115 Share best practices with key individuals and groups  
SOURCE:    Indeed. (2020, February 4).  How to build good working relationships.  Retrieved August 25, 
2020, from https://www.ind eed.com/career -advice/starting- new -job/how -to-build -good-
working- relationships  
 
   19.   D 
Innovative, risky, time- intensive. Starting and maintaining a business is no easy task. Entrepreneurs must 
be hardworking, passionate, innovative, and willing to take ri sks for their companies. Entrepreneurship is 
inherently risky, time- intensive, expensive, and dynamic. A career in entrepreneurship promises to be 
unpredictable and nonroutine, since starting a business requires engaging in a variety of different 
activitie s. Entrepreneurship is not low -risk, predictable, low -energy, relaxed, or routine.  
SOURCE:    EN:039 Describe the nature of entrepreneurship  
SOURCE:    Bortz, D. (2020).  9 traits of successful entrepreneurs you should develop.  Retrieved August 
25, 2020, from htt ps://www.monster.com/career -advice/article/entrepreneur -traits  
 
   20.   A 
Passion for their work. Entrepreneurs who are passionate about their work find it easier to work the long 
hours required. They are also more likely to overcome obstacles out of a desire  to continue doing what 
they love. Confidence can help an entrepreneur overcome challenges, but it does not necessarily help 
him/her work long hours. Financial knowledge can help an entrepreneur overcome financial obstacles, 
but it may not help an entrepreneur solve other problems or deal with long work hours. Technological 
skills are very useful in solving some problems, but they don't help an entrepreneur personally work for 
long periods of time.  
SOURCE:    EN:040 Explain the role requirements of entrepreneurs and owners  
SOURCE:    Gregory, A. (2019, November 20).  10 character traits of successful small business owners.  
Retrieved August 25, 2020, from https://www.thebalancesmb.com/successful -owners -
character -traits -2951855  
 

Test 1230              ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM —KEY               14  
 
   21.   A 
Exposure to new markets. When a  business expands internationally, it often gains exposure to new 
markets for its products. When international customers discover and enjoy that new business's products, 
sales often increase. A business operating in several different countries will have more cultural barriers to 
deal with because customer preferences, traditions, and trends vary from country to country. When a 
business operates in many countries, it faces more compliance challenges since it must deal with a 
greater number and types of regul ations imposed by different countries (e.g., ingredients and packaging 
used for products). Business expansion into international markets exposes a business to more financial 
risk since different currencies, tariffs, and shipping fees often reduce profits.  
SOURCE:    EN:041 Describe small -business opportunities in international trade  
SOURCE:    Arthur, L. (2019, January 28).  The advantages and disadvantages of international franchises . 
Retrieved August 25, 2020, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/advantages -disad vantages -
international -franchises -22488.html  
 
   22.   D 
Identifying an unmet want or need. Entrepreneurial discovery is the process of detecting and matching 
product and market opportunities with one another in a manner that satisfies the market and the 
busin ess. This requires the entrepreneur or small -business owner to conduct research to discover what 
the market needs or wants. Screening ideas and analyzing the feasibility of an idea are steps that occur 
after identifying a want or need. Determining risks and rewards are considerations when conducting a 
feasibility analysis.  
SOURCE:    EN:001 Explain the need for entrepreneurial discovery  
SOURCE:    Wood, U. (2016).  How to grow your market by identifying unmet needs.  Retrieved August 25, 
2020, from https://www.bizj ournals.com/bizjournals/how -to/marketing/2016/12/how -to-grow -
your -market -by-identifying- unmet -needs.html  
 
   23.   C 
Leader. A person who is a high achiever is often viewed as a leader because of his/her strong work ethic 
and achievements. Being considered a show -off is not a positive attri bute. Followers usually do not 
achieve at a high level. A person that achieves at a high level usually takes moderate risks to ensure 
success and would not necessarily be viewed as a risk -taker.  
SOURCE:    EI:027 Develop an achievement orientation  
SOURCE:    LAP -EI-027—High Hopes (Developing an Achievement Orientation)  
 
   24.   B 
Is the market willing and able to pay for the product? If the market doesn't want or can't afford the product 
at a particular time, the entrepreneur risks financial losses by releasing the product. Many reasons can 
affect the market's decision to buy, such as poor economic conditions. In some situations, it might be 
better to wait to release the product —perhaps when economic conditions improve and people have more 
money to spend. The use of direct or indirect channels is influenced by product type and is a distribution 
consideration. The amount of money allocated to advertising is a promotional budgeting issue. Break -
even points affect pric ing decisions.  
SOURCE:    EN:005 Assess opportunities for venture creation  
SOURCE:    Kokemuller, N. (2020).  The importance of timing for a new product launch.  Retrieved August 
25, 2020, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/importance- timing -new -product -launch-
66014.html  
 
   25.   D 
Where the work will happen. The technical or logistical section of the feasibility study includes information 
about where the work will happen, what materials will be needed, etc. Potential profitability is discussed 
in the financials sec tion. Chain of command belongs in the organizational section. Information about the 
target market is found in the market analysis section.  
SOURCE:    EN:038 Determine feasibility of venture ideas  
SOURCE:    LAP -EN -038— Explore the Possibilities (Conducting Feasib ility Studies)  
 

Test 1230              ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM —KEY               15  
 
   26.   B 
Operational. To be successful, new business owners should carefully plan every aspect of their startups. 
Operational planning involves setting up the day -to-day activities for continued business functioning. In 
the example, Jacob needs to determine the types and quantities of goods to keep in stock, which is an 
operations (purchasing) activity. Financial planning involves setting up the way the business will handle 
its financial activities. The human resources function focuses on the business's staffing needs. 
Knowledge management involves leveraging the expertise, insight, and information of internal and 
external resources to help an organization achieve its goals.  
SOURCE:    EN:007 Describe entrepreneurial planning considerations  
SOURCE :   Weber, J.L. (2019, December 16).  Operational planning: How to make an operations plan.  
Retrieved August 25, 2020, from https://www.projectmanager.com/blog/operational -planning-
make -operation- plan  
 
   27.   B 
Franchise. The requirements (e.g., time, money) that a person needs to start a business differ and 
usually depend on the nature of the business. For example, when a person opens a franchise, s/he 
usually purchases the right to operate under the parent company's name. This fee may run several 
hundred to several thousands of dollars. Depending on the nature of the business, the franchisee may be 
required to use certain vendors or purchase specific, expensive equipment. When a person incorporates 
a business, s/he establishes a corporation, or forms a compan y, using a specific legal structure. A foreign 
business opportunity occurs in another country. A brokerage is a type of firm that acts as an intermediary 
(agent) on behalf of a buyer.  
SOURCE:    EN:009 Assess start -up requirements  
SOURCE:    International Franch ise Association. (n.d.).  What is a franchise?  Retrieved August 25, 2020, 
from http://www.franchise.org/what -is-a-franchise 
 
   28.   D 
Logo. A trademark is legal protection granted by the government to the owner, usually a business, of a 
distinctive symbol, mark, name, or motto. A company's logo may include a distinctive symbol, mark, or 
name, or a combination of the elements. A patent legally protects an invention. A trade secret is 
undisclosed information that is valuable to a business (e.g., customer lists).  A copyright legally protects 
the owner of computer software.  
SOURCE:    EN:013 Select strategies to protect intellectual property  
SOURCE:    United States Patent and Trademark Office. (2020, February).  Protecting your trademark: 
Enhancing your rights through fe deral registration.  Retrieved August 25, 2020, from 
https://www.uspto.gov/sites/default/files/documents/BasicFacts.pdf  
 
   29.   C 
Payroll expenses. A small -business owner considers many factors when determining if s/he should hire 
an employee. Payroll tends t o be the largest expense for a business, so the small -business owner must 
determine how much or if s/he can afford to pay an employee. Payroll expenses include the employee's 
salary, taxes, health and disability insurance, benefits, etc. After the small -business owner decides to hire 
additional staff, s/he can determine the appropriate interview techniques and training methods to use. 
Product standards are a product management consideration rather than a staffing consideration.  
SOURCE:    EN:018 Explain considerations in making the decision to hire staff  
SOURCE:    PrimePay. (2019, March 11).  Running payroll for small business: The ultimate guide.  
Retrieved August 25, 2020, from https://primepay.com/blog/running- payroll -small- business -
ultimate -guide  
 
   30.   D 
Sharing company ownership. When a startup receives funding from a venture capitalist, investors own 
equity shares in the company. This means there are fewer shares to sell, and the investors might also 
have a share in decision- making. Startups do not have to rep ay the money from venture capitalists. 
Venture capital can help a startup grow quickly, rather than slowly. Obtaining investment from venture 
capitalists does not increase the chance of failure.  
SOURCE:    EN:019 Describe considerations in selecting capital r esources  
SOURCE:    The Hartford. (2020).  Advantages vs. disadvantages of venture capital.  Retrieved August 25, 
2020, from https://www.thehartford.com/business -insurance/strategy/business -
financing/venture- capital  
 

Test 1230              ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM —KEY               16  
 
   31.   A 
Outsourcing. Outsourcing is acquiring assistance from outside organizations or consultants to obtain 
goods and services to perform primary business activities. Forming a corporation is complex, so it is 
important to make sure that the appropriate legal for ms are correct. If the business does not complete the 
legal activities correctly, the government may fine the corporation. A knowledgeable attorney ensures 
that the business follows the proper procedures and legal forms are accurate. Exporting, staffing, and 
designating do not describe the process of contracting a law firm to handle a legal issue.   
SOURCE:    EN:022 Use external resources to supplement entrepreneur's expertise  
SOURCE:    Jackson, N.M. (2020).  How to build a better business with outsourcing.  Retri eved August 25, 
2020, from https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/204652 
 
   32.   B 
Creative solutions. Creative problem solving is the process of finding solutions to issues or obstacles 
(problems) by generating unique ideas or approaches. To generate unique i deas or approaches, small -
business owners use creative- thinking techniques, which often involve looking at problems or issues from 
different points of view. For example, a business might have a problem with a distribution process. The 
owner might look at t he problem from a shipping department employee's perspective, a customer's 
perspective, or an intermediary's perspective to find a way to solve the problem. Business owners do not 
look at problems from various points of view to develop arguments, conflicts , or unpredictable results.  
SOURCE:    EN:029 Use creative problem -solving in business activities/decisions  
SOURCE:    Belyh, A. (2019, September 20).  Why creativity is so crucial for entrepreneurs?  Retrieved 
August 25, 2020, from https://www.cleverism.com/why -creativity -is-so-crucial -for -
entrepreneurs/  
 
   33.   B 
Accrual. Businesses using the accrual accounting method journalize income and expenditures at the time 
they occur even if no money changes hands at that time. This means that the business enters the 
amount  of a transaction into the appropriate journal when a customer makes a credit purchase, or when 
the business orders goods from a supplier. Businesses using the cash accounting method record income 
and expenditures at the time the money changes hands. This  means that the business enters the amount 
of a transaction into one of its journals on the day the money is received from a customer or paid out to a 
creditor. Managerial accounting involves reporting financial data to internal users. Tax accounting 
involves recording transactions for tax purposes. Finemart does not use the cash accounting method, 
and there is no indication that it is using managerial accounting or tax accounting to record transactions, 
either.  
SOURCE:    FI:085 Explain the concept of accounti ng 
SOURCE:    LAP -FI  -085— Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)  
 
   34.   C 
Loans. When preparing a cash flow statement, a business considers the main sources of cash, which are 
loans and customers. If businesses do not have enough cash coming in from sales to customers, they 
often borrow money from banks or other lending institutions. Loans are a source of cash flowing in to the 
business, but they are also cash flowing out when repayments are due. Expenses and payables are 
listed on a cash budget as cash flowin g out of the business. Assets are anything of value that a business 
owns.  
SOURCE:    FI:092 Prepare cash flow statements  
SOURCE:    Murphy, C. (2020, August 13).  Understanding the cash flow statement.  Retrieved August 25, 
2020, from https://www.investopedia.com/ investing/what -is-a-cash -flow -statement/  
 
   35.   B 
Buildings, vehicles, and capital equipment. A balance sheet is a financial statement that captures the 
financial condition of the business at that particular moment. The balance sheet shows a business's 
asse ts, liabilities, and owner's equity. Long- term assets are items of value— buildings, vehicles, and 
capital equipment —that businesses use to generate revenue for more than a year. Inventory and cash 
are listed as current or short -term assets, which involve l evels that tend to fluctuate. The mortgage is a 
long -term liability, and accounts payable (e.g., insurance premiums) are current liabilities.  
SOURCE:    FI:093 Explain the nature of balance sheets  
SOURCE:    LAP -FI  -093—The Right Balance (The Nature of Balance Sh eets)  
 

Test 1230              ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM —KEY               17  
 
   36.   B 
Income minus expenses. The basic calculation used to analyze an income statement is “income minus 
expenses.” If the outcome is positive, the business has a profit. If the outcome is negative, the business 
has a loss. Expenses minus income, pr ofit minus income, and income minus profit are not calculations 
that are used to analyze an income statement.  
SOURCE:    FI:094 Describe the nature of income statements  
SOURCE:    LAP -FI  -094— Watch Your Bottom Line (Income Statements)  
 
   37.   C 
Selling stock to inv estors. Equity financing involves giving others a share of the business in exchange for 
receiving capital. Equity financing is not a loan that must be repaid. An example of equity financing is 
selling stock to investors. The investors pay a certain amount for stock and then share in the company's 
profits. If the business fails, the investors lose their money. Borrowing money from friends, obtaining 
credit from vendors, or negotiating loans with banks are examples of obtaining funds through debt 
financing.  
SOURCE:    FI:031 Explain sources of financial assistance  
SOURCE:    Banton, C. (2020, July 1).  Equity financing . Retrieved August 25, 2020, from 
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/e/equityfinancing.asp 
 
   38.   B 
A business line of credit. An established company  with a positive cash flow is most likely to rely on a 
business line of credit for any unexpected expenses. Many businesses maintain a business line of credit 
as a flexible funding tool to pay for unanticipated business expenses. A company with a positive c ash 
flow has little need to use collateral or venture capital for funding. Collateral refers to property that a 
borrower offers to a lender to secure a loan. Venture capital refers to financing that investors provide to 
startup companies and small business es that have long- term growth potential. Capital structure refers to 
a company's mix of financing, usually a combination of debt and equity.  
SOURCE:    FI:339 Describe the financial needs of a business at different stages of its development  
SOURCE:    Vitez, O. (2017, September 26).  What are the purposes of business finance?   Retrieved 
August 25, 2020, from https://bizfluent.com/list -6787756- purposes -business -finance- .html  
 
   39.   C 
Increased market share. Increased market share is a benefit that a business may incl ude in a cost -
benefit analysis. It means that the business has gained ground on its competitors. Increased profits and 
increased productivity are also benefits a business may include in a cost -benefit analysis, but they do not 
necessarily relate to the com petition. Increased expenses are a disadvantage, not a benefit.  
SOURCE:    FI:357 Describe the nature of cost -benefit analysis  
SOURCE:    LAP -FI  -357— Running the Numbers (Cost -Benefit Analysis)  
 
   40.   C 
Packaging/Shipping costs. Packaging and shipping costs are a variable expense because they change 
along with levels of production or sales. Rent/Mortgage, equipment leases, and salaries are fixed 
expenses; they do not change along with fluctuations in production or sales levels.  
SOURCE:    FI:099 Develop company's/department's budget  
SOURCE:    LAP -FI  -099— Build Your Game Plan (Developing a Company/Department Budget)  
 
   41.   A 
Vertical analysis. Vertical analysis is often used to show the relationship of each component to the total 
within a single financial statement. Horizontal analysis is a comparison of the same items on a company's 
financial statements for two or more periods. Businesses often compare their financial results with 
industry standards or averages to determine how well they are actually performing. Fund amental analysis 
involves studying all aspects of a company in an effort to understand its intrinsic value.  
SOURCE:    FI:334 Describe types of financial statement analysis (e.g., ratio analysis, trend analysis, 
etc.)  
SOURCE:    Grant, M. (2020, July 27).  Vertic al analysis.  Retrieved August 25, 2020, from 
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/v/vertical_analysis.asp 
 

Test 1230              ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM —KEY               18  
 
   42.   B 
Career and education planning. Career and education planning is an example of an employee- assistance 
program a company may offer. Employee- assistance programs are part of the HR management activity 
of employee relations. Compensation is pay for work completed, not extra assistance. Training on the 
use of dangerous power equipment is a compliance issue. Corrective action is a training and 
development issue that occurs when an employee's performance is not up to standard.  
SOURCE:    HR:410 Discuss the nature of human resources management  
SOURCE:    LAP -HR- 035 —People Pusher (Nature of Human Resources Management)  
 
   43.   C 
Job specifications. Before selecting  new employees, employers need to take time to determine what 
qualifications are needed for successful job performance. This is accomplished by reviewing an existing 
job description and translating the job responsibilities into needed skills, knowledge, and  personality 
characteristics: job specifications. When selecting new employees, employers do not consider 
advancement options, physical characteristics, or retirement plans.  
SOURCE:    HR:356 Select and hire new employees  
SOURCE:    Heathfield, S. (2019, June 25).  How to develop a job description.  Retrieved August 25, 2020, 
from https://www.thebalancecareers.com/how -to-develop- a-job- description- 1918538  
 
   44.   B 
It lets staff members know what to expect during the training. It's a good idea to let staff members know 
what an initial training session involves so they understand the purpose and what will be required of 
them. Initial training sessions typically provide information and instruction and do not require participants 
to study. Telling staff what to expect dur ing training gives them a frame of reference but does not ensure 
staff member success with training. Training sessions do not evaluate staff members' performance. 
Managers, not employees, typically determine whether staff members require training or not.  
SOURCE:    HR:392 Train staff  
SOURCE:    McQuerrey, L. (2019, July 24).  How to conduct a training session effectively.  Retrieved 
August 25, 2020, from https://bizfluent.com/how -4555347- conduct -training- session -
effectively.html  
 
   45.   C 
Follow up. After allowing  employees time to adjust to the solution, you should follow up on the situation to 
determine if the solution is effective and to what degree results have been achieved. Failure to do so 
would waste the time and energy previously devoted to resolving the pr oblem. Identifying the real 
problem is the first step in handling employee grievances. This step should include gathering all available 
information about the situation and analyzing it. Considering solutions to the problem is the next step, 
followed by sel ecting the best solution, implementing the solution, and following up.  
SOURCE:    HR:366 Handle employee complaints and grievances  
SOURCE:    TrackSmart. (2017, February 27).  6 steps to successful conflict resolution in the workplace.  
Retrieved August 25, 2020,  from http://blog.tracksmart.com/6 -steps -successful -conflict -
resolution- workplace/  
 
   46.   B 
Resume a normal attitude toward the employee as quickly as possible. While the supervisor may find this 
difficult to do, it is important because expecting further problems with the employee may actually cause 
them to occur. The immediate supervisor should handle disciplinary action, particularly minor problems. 
Action should be taken promptly so that the connection between the infraction and the penalty does not 
become  blurred. Remedial action should be taken in private, without coworkers present so that the 
employee's dignity and her/his status in the organization can be preserved.  
SOURCE:    HR:369 Explain the nature of remedial action  
SOURCE:    Krumrie, M. (n.d.).  How to  take corrective actions with employees.  Retrieved August 25, 
2020, from https://www.ziprecruiter.com/blog/how -to-take -corrective- actions -with -employees/  
 

Test 1230              ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM —KEY               19  
 
   47.   B 
Data.   Good decision- making requires data. One cannot make a wise choice without having input that 
gives some insight into the potential outcomes. Good decision- making does not necessarily require a 
college degree or money. Sometimes, there are only two options from which to choose— but it is still 
possible to make a good decision.  
SOURCE:    IM:012 Desc ribe the need for marketing data  
SOURCE:    LAP -IM-012—Data Do It (Need for Marketing Data)  
 
   48.   B 
Any business wanting to improve its decision- making abilities. Businesses of all sorts and sizes conduct 
marketing research for many reasons, including to change their marketing strategies, expand their 
operations, or learn about their competition. Regardless of the specific purpose, any business would 
benefit from marketing research because it informs and improves the business's decision- making 
abilities.  
SOURC E:   IM:010 Explain the nature of marketing research  
SOURCE:    LAP -IM-010— Seek and Find (Marketing Research)  
 
   49.   A 
Sponsoring a charity event.   Sponsorship is a common way to communicate with customers. Creating a 
new product, choosing a store to distribute products, and developing a marketing plan are elements of 
product/service management, channel management, and market planning, respectively. They are 
marketing activities but not directly related to communicating with the customer.  
SOURCE:    MK:001 Explain marketing and its importance in a global economy  
SOURCE:    LAP -MK -004— Have It Your Way! (Nature of Marketing)  
 
   50.   B 
Achieve satisfying connections. Agreeing upon a goal, laying out their strategies, and measuring their 
success are steps marketers take toward  reaching their ultimate aim of providing satisfying connections 
between producers and customers.  
SOURCE:    MP:001 Explain the concept of marketing strategies  
SOURCE:    LAP -MP -002— Pick the Mix (Nature of Marketing Strategies)  
 
   51.   D 
Market. Market segmentation is the division of a total market into smaller, more specific groups. General 
Motors is targeting several specific markets within the vehicle market. Geographic segmentation is the 
division of a market on the basis of where consumers are located. Demographic segmentation is the 
division of a market on the basis of characteristics people have in common that affect their purchasing 
power. Educational level is a demographic characteristic.  
SOURCE:    MP:003 Explain the concept of market and market identificati on 
SOURCE:    LAP -MP -003— Have We Met? (Market Identification)  
 
   52.   A 
The board of directors represents the shareholders.   A company's board of directors represents the 
interests of the shareholders through the board's management of the company. The shareholders often 
have a role in electing the board members. The shareholders do not pay dividends to the board of 
directors. T he shareholders also do not make decisions for the board members; rather, board members 
make decisions on behalf of the shareholders. The board of directors does not hold the shareholders 
accountable; rather, the shareholders hold the board of directors ac countable.  
SOURCE:    PD:214 Describe the components of a well -governed company (e.g., board of directors, 
reporting, transparency, internal and external audit functions)  
SOURCE:    Chen, J. (2020, April 12).  Corporate governance definition.  Retrieved August 25,  2020, from 
http://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/corporategovernance.asp  
 

Test 1230              ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM —KEY               20  
 
   53.   C 
Provides guidelines for personnel to meet the company's objectives. A marketing plan is a set of 
procedures or strategies designed to attract target customers to a business. A comprehensive marketing 
plan identifies the specific actions and activities that a company will use to attract its target customers. 
Therefore, the marketing plan provides guidance for employees who are carrying out the marketing 
activities. Because internal and external factors change, a marketing plan does not reduce the need for a 
business to develop corrective action or contingency plans, nor does it increase  its financial security. 
Marketing plans contain both short -term and long- term goals.  
SOURCE:    MP:018 Develop marketing plan  
SOURCE:    Kokemuller, N. (2020).  Purposes of a marketing plan.  Retrieved August 25, 2020, from 
https://smallbusiness.chron.com/purposes -marketing- plan-
61663.html#:~:text=on%20company%20strategy. -
,Objectives,strategies%20to%20increase%20customer%20base  
 
   54.   C 
Net profit. The financial outcomes of marketing activities  are of importance to the management of the 
business. Since it costs money to implement marketing activities, management wants to know if the 
results are worth the cost involved. An important outcome is net profit, which is the money left after the 
cost -of-goods expense and the operating expense are each subtracted from the total income. If 
marketing expenses significantly reduce net profit rather than help increase net profit, management might 
reevaluate the performance of the marketing activities. Interes t rate, tax level, and unit price are not the 
most important financial outcomes.  
SOURCE:    MP:021 Translate performance measures into financial outcomes  
SOURCE:    Murphy, C. (2020, August 19).  Net profit margin.  Retrieved August 25, 2020, from 
https://www.inve stopedia.com/terms/n/net_margin.asp  
 
   55.   B 
Capabilities, compatibility, reliability, and cost. Businesses establish specifications for selecting 
hardware/software systems to provide consistency and compatibilities among users; to maintain a clean, 
product ive system/network environment; to enable the computer system to grow with evolving 
technology; and to provide a basis for maintaining system operability and reliability. Important 
considerations in establishing hardware/software specifications include user needs, capabilities, ease of 
use, compatibility, mobility, technical support, security, performance, cost, licensing, reliability, 
upgrades/updates, and training. While delivery terms, social media policies, and strategic planning may 
be considered at some point in establishing specifications or selecting specific hardware/software, they 
are not significant considerations in establishing hardware/software specifications.  
SOURCE:    NF:091 Establish specifications for selecting hardware/software systems  
SOURC E:   Business Filings. (2020).  Assessing computer needs for your business.  Retrieved August 25, 
2020, from https://www.bizfilings.com/toolkit/research- topics/office- hr/assessing- computer -
needs -for -your -business  
 
   56.   C 
Data mining. Data mining is the process  of searching through data files to detect patterns that can be 
used to help answer specific strategic questions. Data cleansing involves detecting, fixing, and/or 
removing inaccurate or incomplete data. Reiki is not using sales strategy or sales techniques; she is 
analyzing information to develop sales strategy and techniques.  
SOURCE:    NF:148 Discuss the nature of data mining  
SOURCE:    Twin, A. (2029, August 18).  Data mining.  Retrieved August 25, 2020, from 
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/d/datamining.asp  
 
   57.   A 
Store copies of the records in another facility or site. By keeping copies of business records in another 
facility or storing them on web- based databases, the business has another set (backup) of records if the 
originals are destroyed. Keeping the original records on- site, delegating an employee to update the 
records, and purchasing insurance will not protect the company's business records from natural 
disasters.  
SOURCE:    NF:001 Describe the nature of business records  
SOURCE:    LAP -NF -001 —Record It (Business Records)  
 

Test 1230              ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM —KEY               21  
 
   58.   D 
Monitoring internal records. Monitoring internal records for business information is an important practice 
for business owners. By tracking records such as inventory, business owners can gain valuable business 
information such as wh ich products are doing well and which products are less popular. This example 
demonstrated the importance of monitoring internal records, not over -purchasing certain products, 
stocking a diverse array of products, or ignoring inventory when ordering.  
SOURC E:   NF:014 Monitor internal records for business information  
SOURCE:    Lindsay & Brownell, LLP. (2017, September 25).  Internal control monitoring- Are you in 
control?  Retrieved August 25, 2020, from https://www.lindsayandbrownell.com/internal -
control -monitoring -are- you -in-control/  
 
   59.   A 
Holding. The money it takes to keep inventory in stock is called holding cost. Holding costs include 
storage space, taxes, and insurance. By minimizing its holding costs, a business is taking steps to reduce 
its overall  operating costs. Maintenance costs are expenses associated with the upkeep of the business's 
facility and equipment. Production costs are expenses associated with the creation of goods and 
services. Stockout costs are associated with running out of needed inventory and are considered in terms 
of lost money and sales, lost productivity, and lost customer satisfaction.  
SOURCE:    OP:189 Explain the nature of operations  
SOURCE:    LAP -OP -189 —Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations)  
 
   60.   D 
Maintain the physical security of a workplace. Maintaining the physical security of the workplace is 
important for businesses of all shapes and sizes. Using a locked mailbox, implementing a “last person 
out” policy, and numbering building keys are all ways that companies can keep t heir workspaces secure. 
Using a locked mailbox protects sensitive company information from being stolen or damaged. A “last 
person out” policy ensures that the workplace is shut down properly and securely at the end of each 
workday. Numbering building keys  helps companies keep track of their keys and prevent them from 
being copied. These policies and procedures are not designed to prevent employees from stealing from 
the workplace, foster a positive workplace culture for employees, or to determine which employees can 
and can't be trusted.  
SOURCE:    OP:157 Establish policies and procedures to maintain physical security of the work 
environment  
SOURCE:    Nevada Small Business. (2020).  Office and workplace security —An overview.  Retrieved 
August 25, 2020, from https: //nevadasmallbusiness.com/keep- workplace- safe- and- secure/  
 
   61.   A 
Transformation. To transform something means to change its shape or appearance. An affirmation is a 
positive statement about a present or desired strength. Specifications are standards or requirements that 
are established and described in detail prior to purchasing a good or service. Negotiation is the process 
of one party reaching an agreement with another party to meet specific needs and wants.  
SOURCE:    OP:015 Explain the nature and scope of  purchasing  
SOURCE:    LAP -OP -002 —Buy Right (Purchasing)  
 
   62.   B 
90%. Businesses evaluate their vendors to determine how well they are performing. If a vendor is 
performing lower than a business expects, then the business can take corrective action. One measure 
that a business considers is delivery times. To determine the percentage of orders that were delivered on 
time, divide the number of orders delivered on time by the number of orders placed (144 / 160 = .90 or 
90%).   
SOURCE:    OP:162 Evaluate vendor perfor mance 
SOURCE:    Lumatrak. (2020).  Scoring supplier on- time delivery best practice.  Retrieved August 25, 
2020, from https://www.lumatrak.com/scoring- supplier -on- time -delivery -best -practice/  
 

Test 1230              ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM —KEY               22  
 
   63.   D 
When available cash is limited. Many new businesses have limi ted amounts of cash available to cover 
the costs of purchasing property, which usually include a down payment, closing costs, taxes, etc. On the 
other hand, the initial cash expense for leasing is often limited to a security deposit and the first rent 
paym ent. When cash is limited, it is usually more economical for businesses to lease rather than buy a 
facility because it saves them money. If businesses have sufficient cash, it is more economical in the long 
run for them to buy rather than lease, especially  when interest rates are low, their credit standing is high, 
and mortgage money is plentiful.  
SOURCE:    OP:028 Negotiate lease or purchase of facility  
SOURCE:    Miller, M. (2020, August 13).  Buying vs leasing commercial real estate: Pros and cons of 
each.  Retr ieved August 25, 2020, from https://www.valuepenguin.com/small -
business/buying- vs-leasing -commercial -real -estate  
 
   64.   B 
Reducing payroll. A budget is an estimation of income and expenses. Businesses use budgets to control 
their money. When a company has l ess income flowing into the business than anticipated, it often needs 
to adjust the budget by reducing expenses (money that flows out of the business). Sometimes, when 
sales drop steadily over time, the business needs to cut payroll costs, which are usuall y a business's 
highest expense. To reduce payroll expenses, the business might need to reduce employees' salaries or 
lay off workers. Increasing stock would increase the business's expenses, which is not an appropriate 
way to control spending. When a company monitors its investments, it is not actively controlling its 
spending. The government, rather than businesses, adjusts interest rates.  
SOURCE:    OP:030 Use budgets to control operations  
SOURCE:    Tatum, M. (2020, August 11).  What is budget control?  Retrieve d August 25, 2020, from 
https://www.wisegeek.com/what -is-budget -control.htm  
 
   65.   B 
Monitor the performance of all supply chain partners. To ensure the efficient production and distribution 
of products, companies should monitor the performance of all suppl y chain partners on a consistent 
basis. Companies should not ignore underperforming vendors —they should work with them to resolve 
the problem(s) or else replace them. Companies must be careful when introducing new innovations or 
changes to the production process. Introducing change too quickly can overwhelm the supply chain, 
resulting in failure to meet production quotas. Companies should stick with a single supplier when 
launching a new product in order to avoid overcomplicating the process.  
SOURCE:    OP:303  Discuss the nature of supply chain management  
SOURCE:    Schiff, J. (2016, February 17).  13 ways to improve your supply chain management.  Retrieved 
August 25, 2020, from http://www.enterpriseappstoday.com/supply -chain-
management/slideshows/13- ways -to-improve- your -supply -chain -management.html  
 
   66.   A 
Conducting a sales analysis. Businesses collect information to analyze all of their business functions. 
Sales are typically a business's primary source of income. Businesses review many aspects of sales to 
analyze  and compare product movement, customer activity, salesperson performance, etc. Claire is not 
preparing a purchasing forecast, organizing an inventory report, or analyzing service performance.  
SOURCE:    OP:327 Discuss the nature of business analysis  
SOURCE:    Nielsen, L. (2020).  Define sales analysis . Retrieved August 25, 2020, from 
http://smallbusiness.chron.com/define- sales -analysis -5258.html  
 
   67.   D 
Outcome. Process thinking is a philosophy that emphasizes a documented, standardized set of steps to 
accomplis h an outcome. Every outcome is the result of a process. Activities are breakdowns of 
processes. Inputs go into a process, rather than being the result of a process. A project can be made up 
of many processes, but every project is not necessarily the result  of a process.  
SOURCE:    OP:474 Discuss business process thinking and its impact  
SOURCE:    Pearson, S. (2020).  Importance of process thinking in business management.  Retrieved 
August 25, 2020, from https://tallyfy.com/process -thinking/  
 

Test 1230              ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM —KEY               23  
 
   68.   A 
Human. People can have a large impact on the design of a process. Stress, employee morale, and 
fatigue are common human factors that can influence process design. If the Internet and cable company 
wants to increase its customer service phone line hours, it will need to consider that its employees may 
not be able to take on any extra work or may become fatigued from the extra hours. Regulatory and 
environmental factors that affect process design include government regulations and the political or 
social environment surrounding a company. Technological factors include the cost of necessary 
equipment or technology.  
SOURCE:    OP:475 Describe the factors that influence business process design  
SOURCE:    Taylor, H. (2017, September 26).  Factors that affect process design.  Retrieved August 25, 
2020, from https://bizfluent.com/list- 7444011- factors -affect -process -design.html  
 
   69.   D 
Business process change. There are several reasons why a company may choose to engage in business 
process change, including the need to improve performance, r educe costs, increase profits, or regain a 
competitive advantage. These benefits are not necessarily results of anti -harassment training, human 
resources management, or community outreach.  
SOURCE:    OP:476 Explain the causes of business process changes  
SOURC E:   The Hackett Group. (2020).  Enabling business process change.  Retrieved August 25, 2020, 
from https://www.thehackettgroup.com/business -process -change/  
 
   70.   B 
Supply chain management. A supply chain is a complex system that links manufacturers, distribut ers, 
and customers. One of the primary goals of supply chain management is to foster efficiency in the 
production process so that goods can be readily available for customers when they need them. This is 
not a primary goal of managerial accounting, human r esources management, or information technology. 
Managerial accounting is the process of analyzing financial information to help achieve organizational 
goals. Human resources management is a system for overseeing and protecting all the people within an 
organization. Information technology refers to the maintenance and use of an organization's computer 
systems, software, networks, and all other technologies.  
SOURCE:    OP:443 Explain the concept of supply chain  
SOURCE:    Demand Solutions. (2020, July 28).  Three goals of supply chain management explained.  
Retrieved August 25, 2020, from https://www.demandsolutions.com/ds -blog/abstracts/three-
goals -of-supply -chain -management -explained/  
 
   71.   B 
If a business's supply chain is poorly managed, customer satisfaction is l ikely to suffer. A business's 
supply chain has a large impact on the business's overall success. One of the ways that poor supply 
chain management can negatively impact a business is through decreasing customer satisfaction. 
Companies that can't effectivel y distribute their products to consumers will likely lose many of their 
customers. Effective supply chain management, on the other hand, generally results in higher customer 
satisfaction because products are distributed quickly and effectively. Supply chai ns with organizational 
problems tend to hurt business success, not boost it.  
SOURCE:    OP:477 Explain the impact of supply chain on business performance 
SOURCE:    Romaine, E. (2017, April 17).  The critical role of the supply chain in customer satisfaction.  
Ret rieved August 25, 2020, from https://www.conveyco.com/critical -role- supply -chain -
customer -satisfaction/  
 
   72.   B 
Evaluate the solution. Courtney knows that her solution to the problem was the right one because the 
customer is satisfied with what she did, and the missing order has been tracked down. This is the last 
step of problem solving. She has already defined the problem, stated her assumptions, and determined 
possible solutions to be at the end of the process.  
SOURCE:    PD:077 Demonstrate problem -solving  skills  
SOURCE:    LAP -PD -077—No Problem (Demonstrating Problem -Solving Skills)  
 

Test 1230              ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM —KEY               24  
 
   73.   D 
The board of directors. A company's board of directors governs its affairs and ensures that shareholders' 
needs are met. One of the responsibilities of a board of directors  is to be responsible for hiring and 
compensating a company's CEO. The previous CEO, all of the employees, and the vice president are not 
in charge of determining how much money a CEO will make.  
SOURCE:    PD:213 Discuss the importance of corporate governance  in business  
SOURCE:    Nordemeyer, B. (2019, August 22)  Corporate governance objectives.  Retrieved August 25, 
2020, from https://yourbusiness.azcentral.com/corporate- governance- objectives -17344.html  
 
   74.   C 
Focus marketing decisions on a specific group of people. The purpose of identifying a target market is to 
narrow the market down to only those consumers who are the most likely to buy a  business's product. 
This information is helpful in making many marketing decisions —from product development to pricing 
strategies. Selecting a target market will not eliminate ethical dilemmas. Selecting a target market might 
help a business increase profi ts but would not necessarily help it control expenses. Changing the 
variable- cost margin is an operational decision unrelated to the selection of a target market.  
SOURCE:    MP:005 Select target market  
SOURCE:    Hubbard, L. (2019, February 19).  Why is identifyi ng the target market so important to a 
company?   Retrieved August 25, 2020, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/identifying-
target -market -important -company -76792.html  
 
   75.   A 
The number of owners. Organizations of all sizes need governance, but governance structures can vary 
based on the size of the organization. One difference is the number of owners. A large, publicly listed 
corporation has many owners, while a small - or medium -sized company likely has one or few 
shareholders. However, the need for a board of directors does not change based on the size of the 
company; small companies can benefit fr om a board of directors as much as large companies. 
Furthermore, all companies are impacted by governance policies, regardless of size. Finally, 
organizations of any size can have investors.  
SOURCE:    PD:302 Identify the factors that impact governance struct ures  
SOURCE:    Neville, M. (n.d.).  Corporate governance in small and medium- sized companies.  Retrieved 
August 25, 2020, from http://vi.is/files/844786923Mette%20Neville%2018.02.05%20pdf.pdf  
 
   76.   C 
Corporate governance can benefit organizations of any size.  While small organizations might not have to 
follow the same regulations or take the same type of structured approach, they can still benefit from 
corporate governance. They do not, however, necessarily need a board of directors. Large companies 
are not nec essarily better at monitoring corporate governance.  
SOURCE:    PD:302 Identify the factors that impact governance structures  
SOURCE:    Chen, J. (2020, April 12).  Corporate governance definition.  Retrieved August 25, 2020, from 
https://www.investopedia.com/terms /c/corporategovernance.asp#:~:text=Corporate%20gove
rnance%20is%20the%20structure,primary%20force%20influencing%20corporate%20govern
ance  
 
   77.   C 
Establishing performance standards. Performance standards are mechanisms used to track, monitor, 
and measure suc cess. When employees have performance standards that are aligned with 
organizational goals, it is much more likely that the company will accomplish those goals. Contacting five 
prospects per week is a performance standard that is in line with TRISM Co.'s organizational goals. This 
is not an example of aligning personal goals with company goals, designing an organizational structure, 
or generating new product ideas.  
SOURCE:    PD:256 Establish performance standards to meet organizational goals  
SOURCE:    Ahmed, A. (2019, August 27).  How to set employee performance standards.  Retrieved 
August 25, 2020, from https://bizfluent.com/how -5829148- set -employee- performance-
standards.html  
 

Test 1230              ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM —KEY               25  
 
   78.   C 
Pure competition. Pure competition is a market in which there are a gr eat many buyers and sellers of 
nearly identical products and who have very little control over pricing. Monopolistic competition occurs 
when there are large numbers of buyers and sellers with heterogeneous products. An oligopoly exists 
when there are few s ellers, and entry into the market is difficult. A monopoly exists when there is one 
seller of a product and no close substitutes.  
SOURCE:    PI:001 Explain the nature and scope of the pricing function  
SOURCE:    LAP -PI-001—The Price Is Right (Nature of Pricing)  
 
   79.   B 
Economic conditions. High employment and an optimistic outlook are characteristic of good economic 
conditions. When economic conditions are good, selling prices will tend to increase. Competition, 
government regulation, and supply and demand are ot her external factors that affect selling prices.  
SOURCE:    PI:002 Explain factors affecting pricing decisions  
SOURCE:    Maverick, J.B. (2020, March 12).  Which economic factors most affect the demand for 
consumer goods?  Retrieved August 25, 2020, from 
https://w ww.investopedia.com/ask/answers/042815/which- economic -factors -most -affect -
demand- consumer -goods.asp 
 
   80.   A 
Need for the product. An important question to consider when determining the feasibility of a new idea is 
if there is an actual need for the product. The idea might be innovative and interesting, but if the product 
serves no useful purpose or has a very limited market, it may not be feasible to develop it. Businesses try 
to screen out product ideas that are impractical or have limited use because they will be difficult to sell. 
The complexity of the idea is not usually a factor because many complex products are useful, popular, 
and profitable. Promotion and packaging are factors that a business considers after it decides to move 
forward with a n ew product idea.  
SOURCE:    PM:129 Determine initial feasibility of product idea  
SOURCE:    Semick, J. (2020).  The 5 ways to know if your product idea is a winner.  Retrieved August 25, 
2020, from https://www.productplan.com/how -to-know -if-your -product -idea -is-a-winner/  
 
   81.   B 
Notebooks, scratch pads, and stationery. A product line is a group of related product items. Notebooks, 
scratch pads, and stationery are all paper products. A double cheeseburger and an automobile tire are 
examples of product items. A product item is an individual good, service, or idea that a business offers for 
sale. Candy, games, and shampoo are product items that might be part of a business's product mix —the 
assortment of products that a business offers in order to meet its market's needs and its company's 
goals.  
SOURCE:    PM:003 Explain the concept of product mix  
SOURCE:    LAP -PM -003— Mix and Match (The Nature of Product Mix)  
 
   82.   B 
Avoid damage to brand reputation and image. A downward product -mix strategy allows a lower priced 
product to be added to an existing line. To avoid damage to brand reputation and image, the new product 
may be marketed under a different brand name. The business plans to increase revenues by utilizing its 
experience in distribution and promotion strategies. Marketing the new product under a different brand 
name limits customer confusion and expands the product mix.  
SOURCE:    PM:006 Plan product mix  
SOURCE:    Suttle, R. (2019, February 12).  What is a product mix?  Retrieved August 26, 2020, from 
https://smallbusiness.chron .com/product -mix -639.html  
 

Test 1230              ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM —KEY               26  
 
   83.   D 
Becomes too expensive, or no longer serves the intended purpose. If the service has proved profitable, 
management would want to continue that service as it is. When the service is being used by a great 
number of customers,  the service should be kept, since changes might disrupt customer usage. If the 
service becomes an essential element in the completion of the sale of some items, the business would 
be unwise to alter it until that need no longer exists.  
SOURCE:    PM:013 Expl ain the role of customer service in positioning/image  
SOURCE:    LAP -PM -001— Customer Service Supersized (The Role of Customer Service in 
Positioning/Image)  
 
   84.   C 
Product, its price, and distribution. These are considered internal factors that affect promoti onal decisions 
because they are factors within the business. The other alternatives are made up of external factors —
factors from outside the business that have a bearing on promotional decisions.  
SOURCE:    PR:001 Explain the role of promotion as a marketing function  
SOURCE:    LAP -PR -002—Razzle Dazzle (Nature of Promotion)  
 
   85.   C 
Recipients have given the advertiser permission to send the ad. Opt -in email marketing usually has a 
higher response rate because the recipients have actually expressed an interest in receiving information 
about the business's products. People do respond to unsolicited emails but in smaller numbers than with 
opt -in email marketing. Direct e mail is not delivered via the postal mail service, but rather over computer 
networks. Recipients are most likely to respond to direct e mail that provides them an offer such as a 
coupon or a discount, rather than just information.  
SOURCE:    PR:007 Explain types of advertising media  
SOURCE:    LAP -PR -003— Ad -quipping Your Business (Types of Advertising Media)  
 
   86.   D 
Increased sales. Word- of-mouth communication is promotion and publicity for a business provided by 
customers who tell others of their satisfaction with the business. This type of positive communication 
often leads to increased sales for the busines s because it attracts new customers. When satisfied 
customers tell others about their positive experiences, they are encouraging others to buy from the 
business. This will not decrease advertising costs because the business still needs to advertise. 
Advert ising is an operating expense. Word- of-mouth communication does not increase the product mix, 
which is the particular assortment of goods and services that a business offers in order to meet the needs 
of its market and its company goals.   
SOURCE:    PR:247 Describe word- of-mouth channels used to communicate with targeted audiences  
SOURCE:    Wagner, N. (2020).  The advantages of word- of-mouth marketing.  Retrieved August 25, 2020, 
from https://work.chron.com/advantages -wordofmouth- marketing-
3567.html#:~:text=Builds %20Brand&text=Using%20word%2Dof%2Dmouth%20marketing%2
0helps%20build%20positive%20feelings%20about,company%20while%20establishing%20y
our%20brand  
 
   87.   D 
Responding to customer ideas and requests via email. Direct marketing occurs when a company 
connects  with the end user or customer. Hiring a research company to conduct marketing surveys, 
advertising products in magazines, and creating ads to promote on social media are considered indirect 
marketing because the company is not directly interacting with the  end user.  
SOURCE:    PR:089 Explain the nature of direct marketing channels  
SOURCE:    Berry, T. (2020).  Direct marketing fundamentals . Retrieved August 25, 2020, from 
http://www.mplans.com/articles/direct -marketing- fundamentals/  
 

Test 1230              ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM —KEY               27  
 
   88.   D 
Price -off deals. Price- off deals involve discounting the prices of goods and services for a short period of 
time. Because customers save money by buying the products during the sale, they receive an immediate 
reward—a good or service that they want or need at a discounted price.  A rebate is a return of part of the 
price a customer pays for a good or service and usually is offered by the product's manufacturer. Loyalty 
programs reward repeat customers by offering incentives (e.g., free item) to maintain their loyalty to the 
business. Although rebates and loyalty programs provide rewards, customers must usually wait to 
receive them. Product displays exhibit merchandise and do not provide rewards.  
SOURCE:    PR:249 Identify communications channels used in sales promotion 
SOURCE:    Nicasio , F. (2019, September 9).  7 types of sales promotions in retail (and how to implement 
them).  Retrieved August 25, 2020, from https://www.vendhq.com/blog/sales -promotion/  
 
   89.   B 
Lobbying. Many large businesses and industry organizations that are affected b y government rules and 
regulations often use the public relations activity of lobbying to deal with government officials. Lobbying 
involves monitoring pending legislation, working with lawmakers to explain the industry's position, and 
encouraging the passage of legislation that is favorable to the industry. The goal of lobbying is to 
establish good relations with government to benefit the business or industry. Advising and counseling are 
public relations activities that involve working with management of the business. Writing is usually the 
responsibility of copywriters.  
SOURCE:    PR:252 Identify types of public -relations activities  
SOURCE:    Agility PR Solutions. (2020).  Public relations activities . Retrieved August 25, 2020, from 
https://www.agilitypr.com/reso urces/pr -glossary/public -relations -activities/  
 
   90.   A 
Quality control. Quality control is a process that weeds out defective products after they’ve been created. 
It is sometimes referred to as quality inspection. Quality assurance is an organization- wide  system that 
businesses use to ensure that products meet quality standards; it includes quality control, but its scope is 
much bigger than just that. Quality improvement involves an organization’s willingness to change and 
adapt for the purpose of maintaini ng quality. Quality command is not a common aspect of quality 
management.  
SOURCE:    QM:001 Explain the nature of quality management  
SOURCE:    LAP -QM -001 —Keep It Quality (Nature of Quality Management)  
 
   91.   D 
As a part of business strategy. Enterprise risk  management is a plan- based business strategy that aims 
to identify, assess, and prepare for risks across the organization. Therefore, according to this concept, 
risk should be managed as a part of overall business strategy. Risk should not be managed on a case -
by-case basis because it will not be unified toward supporting the business's overall goals. After an 
incident has occurred, it is too late to manage risks. While purchasing insurance is one way to manage 
some risks, it does not cover all of the risks  that can affect a business.  
SOURCE:    RM:062 Discuss the nature of enterprise risk management (ERM)  
SOURCE:    Kenton, W. (2019, July 2).  Enterprise risk management (ERM).  Retrieved August 25, 2020, 
from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/e/enterprise- risk -management.asp 
 
   92.   C 
Generally unpredictable and out of the companies' control. External business risks such as natural 
disasters, economic downturns, and changes in legal regulations are generally unpredictable and out of a 
company's control. External busi ness risks are the result of factors outside of a business, not the result of 
factors within the company itself (such as poor corporate governance).  
SOURCE:    RM:094 Assess business risks  
SOURCE:    Beers, B. (2018, September 8).  How do modern companies assess business risk?  Retrieved 
August 25, 2020, from https://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/061015/how -do -modern-
companies -assess- business -risk.asp  
 

Test 1230              ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM —KEY               28  
 
   93.   A 
Selling. Skilled salespeople can create desire for new or established products through the use of 
planne d, personalized communication. Financing is a business function that involves understanding the 
financial concepts used in making business decisions. Distribution is a function that is responsible for 
moving, storing, locating, and/or transferring ownershi p of goods or services. Risk management is not a 
marketing function.  
SOURCE:    SE:017 Explain the nature and scope of the selling function  
SOURCE:    LAP -SE- 017 —Sell Away (The Nature and Scope of Selling)  
 
   94.   C 
Marketing plan. A business plan is a set of procedures or strategies that outlines how a person plans to 
take an idea and turn it into an organized effort to produce and/or distribute goods and services. The 
business plan consists of three basic components —a business description and situational anal ysis, a 
marketing plan, and a financial plan. Pricing policies are discussed in the marketing plan. Segment 
analysis is part of the business description and situational analysis.  
SOURCE:    SM:007 Explain the nature of business plans  
SOURCE:    LAP -SM -007— Plan N ow, Succeed Later (Nature of Business Plans)  
 
   95.   D 
Guidelines. A business's objectives are designed to serve as guidelines for daily operating activities. 
Once an objective is developed, the business can design jobs and activities that will make it possi ble to 
attain the objective. Objectives are goals to be attained rather than strict standards or requirements to be 
met, or regulations to follow.  
SOURCE:    SM:008 Develop company goals/objective  
SOURCE:    Woodruff, J. (2019, February 12).  The importance of setting business objectives.  Retrieved 
August 25, 2020, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/importance- setting- business -
objectives -4724.html  
 
   96.   D 
What laws affect our advertising? This is a promotion- related question because advertising is a form of 
prom otion. All businesses need to be familiar with the laws forbidding deceptive practices in advertising. 
Asking to whom we should offer discounts is a price- related question. Asking whether the product is 
aimed at a specific market is a product -related quest ion. Asking what channels of distribution will be used 
is a place -related question.  
SOURCE:    SM:011 Explain external planning considerations  
SOURCE:    Riley, J. (2018).  External environment: Introduction (GCSE).  Retrieved August 25, 2020, 
from https://www.tut or2u.net/business/reference/external -environment -introduction  
 
   97.   C 
1%. Businesses compare their operating results from year to year to determine if their net profit is 
increasing, decreasing, or staying the same. In this example, first calculate last ye ar's percent of net 
profit based on sales by dividing the amount of net profit by total sales ($76,000 / $680,000 = 0.111 or 
11%). Then, calculate this year's percent of net profit based on sales ($84,000 / $700,000 = 0.120 or 
12%). To determine the percent of increase from last year to this year, subtract last year's percent from 
this year's percent (12% -  11% = 1%).  
SOURCE:    SM:005 Analyze operating results in relation to budget/industry  
SOURCE:    Murphy, C. (2020, August 19).  Net profit margin.  Retrieved Au gust 25, 2020, from 
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/n/net_margin.asp  
 

Test 1230              ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM —KEY               29  
 
   98.   C 
Goals and objectives. A common way to assess the performance of a business plan is to develop and 
use key performance indicators. Key performance indicators are an effective wa y to track, measure, and 
improve business results. Aligning key performance indicators with business goals and objectives can 
help an organization stay focused on the aspects of the business that are most important to it. Key 
performance indicators are not  necessarily aligned with a business's operating expenses, corporate 
culture, or payroll and benefits.  
SOURCE:    SM:006 Track performance of business plan  
SOURCE:    Twin, A. (2020, August 15).  Key performance indicators (KPIs).  Retrieved August 25, 2020, 
from 
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/k/kpi.asp#:~:text=Key%20performance%20indicators%
20(KPIs)%20refer,businesses%20within%20the%20same%20sector  
 
   99.   D 
Learning doesn't always lead to knowledge. Learning and knowledge are related, but they are not the 
same.  Learning is the process of being exposed to new concepts and skills; knowledge is the information 
that is internalized and mastered through learning. Unfortunately, learning does not always lead to 
knowledge —much of what we learn is forgotten. In this way , learning —not knowledge— is fleeting. 
Businesses, therefore, should be mindful about how they train their employees. Training should always 
attempt to lead to maximum knowledge retention. Not all training sessions are useless, but many do not 
lead to maxim um knowledge retention.  
SOURCE:    SM:094 Describe relationship among innovation, learning, and change  
SOURCE:    Leaman, C. (2016, October 5).  The difference between learning and knowledge, and why 
you should care.  Retrieved August 25, 2020, from 
https://www.le arningsolutionsmag.com/articles/2079/the- difference- between- learning- and-
knowledge- and- why -you -should- care 
 
 100.   A 
They don't include everyone in the change process. Change affects an entire organization. Employees of 
all levels should be included and uti lized in a strategy for change. Failure to include certain members of 
an organization in a change process can lead to distrust and low morale among those that are excluded. 
To be successful, change management must include everyone. Change management strategies do not 
generally fail because employees dedicate too much time to the change process, competitors have 
already implemented the changes, or low -level employees are given too much responsibility.  
SOURCE:    SM:095 Explain the nature of change management  
SO URCE:    Gleeson, B. (2016, December 7).  Leading change: 6 reasons change management 
strategies fail.  Retrieved August 25, 2020, from 
https://www.forbes.com/sites/brentgleeson/2016/12/07/leading- change- 6-reasons -change-
management -strategies -fail/#3b3a8e915d9e  
 
 