1. When filing a tort against a business, the plaintiff must establish that the defendant
A. breached the duty of care.
B. damaged property intentionally.
C. conspired with a competitor.
D. violated the doctrine of sovereign immunity.

2. Before a business and a customer can enter into a valid contract, the offer to do something in return for payment must be
A. implied.
B. in writing.
C. accepted.
D. expressed.

3. Which of the following is an example of a business making a reasonable accommodation for an employee in accordance with the Americans with Disabilities Act:
A. Changing required skills
B. Modifying work schedules
C. Eliminating necessary training
D. Reducing educational requirements

4. One of the characteristics of a corporation is that it issues shares of stock. The advantage that results is that it
A. has limited financial power.
B. has more complex requirements.
C. is easy to transfer ownership.
D. is easy to form and operate.

5. Channels of distribution benefit consumers by
A. increasing profits for businesses.
B. lowering the prices of all consumer products.
C. raising the quality of all consumer products.
D. making a variety of products available to them.

6. The Parnell Company buys a variety of similar goods and sells them to specialty shops for resale. What type of intermediary is the Parnell Company?
A. Agent
B. Wholesaler
C. Industrial user
D. Ultimate consumer

7. Before a business can effectively evaluate members in its distribution channel, it must first
A. identify potential vendors.
B. conduct a location feasibility study.
C. assess its logistics needs.
D. develop a strategic alliance.

8. A business's brand promise is what the business intends to
A. use as a trademark.
B. sell to the target market.
C. name its product.
D. provide the customer.

9. Which of the following is a way in which business profits benefit society:
A. Profits provide an incentive to entrepreneurs.
B. Profits indicate trends in consumer preferences.
C. Profits encourage business owners to conserve resources.
D. Profits enable businesses to compete with other businesses.

10. One way for businesses to transfer some kinds of business risk is through the purchase of
A. insurance policies.
B. mutual funds.
C. insurance premiums.
D. stock dividends.

11. What is the economic condition in which there is only one supplier of a certain good or service and no competing products exist?
A. Price discrimination
B. Inflation
C. False advertising
D. Monopoly

12. Leaning toward people to show your interest is an effective way to use
A. listening skills.
B. persuasive words.
C. body language.
D. facial expression.

13. The manager of a large home-improvement store has decided to use a work team to help the company improve customer service. Members of the team have been asked to develop goals and objectives for the project. Having team members agree on the purpose of their project is a way to build __________ the team and its work.
A. creativity in
B. communication with
C. conflict between
D. commitment to

14. How does a mission statement differ from a vision?
A. There is no difference—the two are the same.
B. A mission statement refers to the future.
C. A mission statement never changes.
D. A mission statement refers to the present.

15. Because Emma wants to excel in her job, she talks with her manager to get suggestions for ways in which she can improve her efficiency and work quality. Emma is exhibiting an achievement orientation by
A. taking risks.
B. soliciting feedback.
C. being patient.
D. setting goals.

16. Which of the following is an example of informal recognition:
A. A wage bonus given to exemplary employees
B. An awards ceremony for scholarship winners
C. A trophy given to the championship swim team
D. A pat on the back from a supervisor at work

17. Anthony has worked as an IT professional at his company for three years. This year, he hopes to be moved to the social media department so that he can learn new skills and expand his professional network. After doing some research, he finds an employee within the department that he thinks he could learn a lot from. In return, he figures, he can help the employee clean up her computer and teach her the new company software. He decides to contact the employee to set up a lunch meeting. In other words, Anthony is trying to initiate a
A. private partnership.
B. mentorship program.
C. relational analysis.
D. strategic relationship.

18. Which of the following is a global trend that might encourage an entrepreneur to consider international business opportunities:
A. Flexible currency rates
B. Higher allowances
C. Enforceable trade agreements
D. Lower tariffs

19. Owners/Managers should not conduct a feasibility study if they are
A. certain the idea is feasible.
B. not ready to start the venture.
C. considering a business expansion.
D. unsure about the idea.

20. Which of the following is a tool that an entrepreneur develops to project sales for a new business venture:
A. Inventory report
B. Marketing objectives
C. Promotional budget
D. Sales forecast

21. Costs of sales for a new manufacturing venture typically include
A. raw materials, equipment, and product inventory.
B. trade show attendance, raw materials, and equipment.
C. trade show attendance, product inventory, and Internet access.
D. internet access, attorney fees, and sales lead lists.

22. Why is it important for entrepreneurs to talk with industry experts when developing new business concepts?
A. The industry experts typically provide useful information.
B. The industry experts usually improve your management skills.
C. The industry experts commonly enhance your confidence.
D. The industry experts frequently offer financial support.

23. To determine their human resource needs, new business owners often find it helpful to
A. allocate funds for additional payroll taxes.
B. ask a technical recruiter for advice.
C. hire consultants or freelancers.
D. list all the tasks involved in operating the business.

24. What important factors should a small-business owner consider when deciding if s/he should hire an additional employee?
A. Property taxes and benefits
B. Necessary skills and affordability
C. Screening process and skill set
D. Training needs and attitude

25. Because Connor does not know how to prepare his startup company's tax return, he decides to outsource the activity by contracting a(n)
A. insurance agent.
B. probate attorney.
C. trusted colleague.
D. licensed accountant.

26. Which of the following is true regarding risk-taking:
A. Financial risks primarily affect new businesses.
B. Smart businesspeople avoid risk.
C. All entrepreneurs must take risks.
D. Risk related to staffing can be largely controlled.

27. The ABC Company organized its workflow so that specific departments perform certain tasks. This is an example of workflow organized by
A. function.
B. product.
C. rotation.
D. region.

28. One way for a startup business owner to determine opportunities to expand the business's product line is by
A. talking with customers.
B. observing vendors.
C. creating a need.
D. consistently meeting goals.

29. Which of the following venture-harvesting methods usually supports a venture's future growth and facilitates the business owner's exit:
A. Ceasing business operations
B. Initiating a public stock offering
C. Setting up a public trust fund
D. Developing a licensing plan

30. Which of the following is a true statement regarding the relationship between a business's supply chain management and its performance:
A. Good supply chain management leads to decreased value for the customer.
B. Poor supply chain management can result in customer dissatisfaction.
C. Poor supply chain management can result in customer satisfaction.
D. Good supply chain management leads to unsustainable business practices.

31. When preparing a cash flow statement, you need to eliminate the effects of accrual accounting. If you failed to do that, the cash flow statement would
A. understate cash receipts and overstate cash payments.
B. overstate cash receipts and overstate cash payments.
C. overstate cash receipts and understate cash payments.
D. understate cash payments and understate cash receipts.

32. A disadvantage of commercial finance companies as a main source of credit for businesses is that they are often
A. independent.
B. conservative.
C. cautious.
D. expensive.

33. What is an example of a fee-based service provided by a bank?
A. Loaning money
B. Selling certificates of deposit
C. Selling annuities
D. Credit card processing
34. A business wants to buy a new piece of equipment that costs $146,500. A financial institution will loan the business 85% of the value of the equipment. Calculate the additional amount the business needs to obtain in order to purchase the equipment.
A. $15,845.25
B. $21,975.00
C. $12,452.50
D. $24,650.00

35. What is the primary source that banks consider when evaluating a business's capacity to repay a loan?
A. Fixed assets
B. Cash flow
C. Liabilities
D. Accounts payable

36. Which of the following is a one-time cost:
A. Insurance
B. Shipping
C. Taxes
D. Wages

37. When a business's output is sufficient to cover expenses, each additional unit of output generates
A. revenue.
B. income.
C. interest.
D. profit.

38. Ethan is developing common-size financial statements so that he can compare financial performance across several different companies. Ethan is conducting __________ analysis.
A. trend
B. horizontal
C. ratio
D. vertical

39. One procedure for determining future hiring needs involves analyzing
A. formal training.
B. merit pay.
C. job security.
D. sales volume.

40. Which of the following is the most widely used selection tool to determine who will be hired:
A. Credit record
B. Interview
C. Training
D. Aptitude test

41. One of the advantages to businesses of training staff is that it tends to increase
A. feedback.
B. operating expense.
C. compensation.
D. employee satisfaction.

42. The two approaches supervisors may take toward disciplinary problems are
A. peer counseling and supervisory discipline.
B. preventive discipline and corrective discipline.
C. remediation and disciplinary suspension.
D. preventive discipline and corrective counseling.

43. Why is marketing research important for companies that sell consumer products like clothing or laundry detergent?
A. It provides consumer feedback and allows marketers to assess the level of demand for products.
B. It allows companies to get proprietary information from competitors.
C. It eliminates the need for other marketing activities such as sales promotions and store displays.
D. It provides companies with clear, specific steps to improve sales.

44. One of the ways marketing research is used by businesses is to
A. solve businesses' problems quickly.
B. implement the marketing concept.
C. create an exclusive image.
D. obtain information in a timely fashion.

45. What kind of marketing research is being carried out when a business has someone count the cars in the shopping mall's parking lot?
A. Informal
B. Formal
C. Causal
D. Internal

46. The first social group a consumer belongs to is her/his
A. neighborhood.
B. circle of friends.
C. kindergarten class.
D. family.

47. Determining the terms of a warranty is an activity associated with the __________ element of the marketing mix.
A. promotion
B. place
C. price
D. product

48. Which of the following are types of products for which producers are most likely to use mass marketing:
A. Chewing gum, local tax services, and soda
B. Soda, personal computers, and toothpaste
C. Toothpaste, designer handbags, and textbooks
D. Textbooks, chewing gum, and farm equipment

49. What is the demand for our products in this region? This is a question that a business wants to answer when it
A. conducts a market analysis.
B. establishes orientation programs.
C. evaluates technology needs.
D. develops financial standards.

50. Gary works for a computer software company. He always keeps up on the technological advances in his industry, and he also makes sure he knows what products his competitors are developing. When Gary gathers this external information, he is participating in
A. environmental scanning.
B. threat appraisal.
C. competition assessment.
D. information collecting.

51. Considering past sales and economic conditions, a firm forecasts next year's sales will decrease 6% from this year's sales. Calculate next year's sales forecast if this year's sales were $1,565,435.
A. $1,471,508.90
B. $1,468,580.90
C. $1,485,905.90
D. $1,479,850.90

52. What information about customers do brokerage companies need to obtain to develop an accurate client profile?
A. Political preference
B. Product knowledge
C. Social background
D. Intelligence level

53. Which of the following software is required for a computer system to be able to access web data:
A. Video
B. Modem
C. Filter
D. Browser

54. Companies obtain internal information about their various business activities to operate effectively by monitoring
A. industry trends.
B. trade publications.
C. internal records.
D. government statistics.

55. James needs to hire a bookkeeper for his growing business. To determine the new employee's salary, James obtained pay data from five companies in his industry that are similar in size. The research indicated the following: Company A pays $31,205; Company B pays $29,995; Company C pays $34,800; Company D pays $42,500; and Company E pays $36,500. James decided to set his bookkeeper's salary at $35,000. What measure of central tendency did James use to set his new employee's salary?
A. Median
B. Mode
C. Range
D. Mean

56. What do many businesses look for in their workplaces before establishing safety policies and procedures?
A. Sprinkler systems
B. Hazardous areas
C. Surveillance cameras
D. Electronic alarms

57. Which of the following is a type of intangible property that businesses often establish policies to protect:
A. Inventory methods
B. Production systems
C. Trade secrets
D. Delivery routes

58. Which of the following words best describes the relationship of the purchasing department to other departments in a company:
A. Unrelated
B. Independent
C. Interrelated
D. Unsupportive

59. Reviewing business procedures helps a company determine if it is __________ its most important resources.
A. presenting
B. producing
C. customizing
D. maximizing

60. Calculate a business's net profit for last year if it had income from sales of $675,500, operating expenses of $210,000, and cost of goods sold was $305,200.
A. $370,300
B. $255,500
C. $160,300
D. $465,500

61. In which of the following situations might a business lose money from bad debts by failing to monitor information in its budget and make necessary adjustments:
A. Total cash receipts are higher than usual.
B. A large amount of accounts receivable are past due.
C. Many customers are paying with personal checks.
D. Credit card sales are growing in number.

62. Supply chain management attempts to control which of the following business activities:
A. The buying and selling of stocks
B. Production, shipment, and distribution of products
C. Human resources and communications
D. Financial planning and managerial accounting

63. When employees review and analyze financial reports and income data from different time frames, they are
A. influencing others' opinions.
B. informing customers.
C. submitting evidence.
D. comparing data.

64. To remain competitive in the marketplace, a company implements processes to identify its internal strengths and weaknesses and its external opportunities and threats. What type of business analysis is the company conducting?
A. Financial leverage
B. SWOT
C. PERT
D. Resource allocation

65. When a company uses process thinking to design a process, it should make sure that the process has
A. a deadline.
B. a goal.
C. multiple process owners.
D. an unlimited scope.

66. A complicated, labor-intensive manufacturing process is limited by the number of hours that an employee can work without becoming fatigued. This is an example of how __________ factors influence process design.
A. human
B. technology
C. regulatory
D. environmental
67. For 15 years, Larson Recruiting has operated the same database of potential employees for temporary employment positions nationwide. When company management realized that the database software had become slow and ineffective, however, the company decided to change its process for recording recruitment data. This example demonstrates which of the following reasons for business process change:
A. To satisfy employee demands
B. To reduce costs
C. To increase profitability
D. To improve performance

68. A business owner who plans to exit his/her business venture by selling it to another company needs to develop the business in a way that
A. creates value for potential buyers.
B. allows her/him to maintain control after the purchase.
C. appeals to a specific company.
D. will generate regular income for him/her after the purchase.

69. What is a proactive strategy a company can use to help prevent its customers' private information from being exposed to the dangers of a data breach?
A. Deal with data breaches immediately
B. Maintain personal data forever
C. Avoid collecting unnecessary data
D. Train employees how to handle data breaches

70. When the LXT Audio-Book Company was founded 15 years ago, its target market was blind and visually impaired individuals who enjoyed listening to nonfiction audiobooks. Recently, though, the company has begun marketing these same audiobooks as "learning solutions" for individuals with dyslexia and other learning disabilities. This is an example of __________ innovation.
A. product
B. positioning
C. process
D. paradigm

71. Which of the following best describes the purpose of corporate governance:
A. To make hiring and firing decisions for entry-level employees
B. To create a favorable image for the company
C. To ensure that companies are held to high ethical standards
D. To improve relations with company stockholders

72. Internal audits are used by __________, while external audits are used by __________.
A. creditors; management
B. stakeholders; employees
C. management; stakeholders
D. employees; competitors

73. Which of the following situations is an example of a public relations activity:
A. Colleen calls a prospective customer to try to schedule a product demonstration.
B. Evan coordinates an upcoming sales promotion with the company's purchasing manager.
C. Jana prepares a press release about her firm's new licensing agreement with a large company.
D. Eli reviews a report to determine which clients have overdue payments due on their accounts.

74. When monitoring progress in achieving organizational goals, it's important to evaluate objectives that are
A. measurable.
B. vague.
C. flexible.
D. implied.

75. After considering all the factors that affect the pricing of a product, a company is ready to set its __________ price.
A. discount
B. exchange
C. wholesale
D. equilibrium

76. A business's fixed expenses are best described as expenses that are not
A. included in the operating budget.
B. required to operate a business.
C. incurred on a regular basis.
D. affected by changes in sales volume.

77. What is the purpose of sales-oriented pricing objectives?
A. To guarantee the survival of the business
B. To create profits for the business
C. To increase the return on investment
D. To increase the total amount of sales income

78. What might decrease if a business adds an inappropriate item to the product mix?
A. Profits
B. Expenses
C. Prices
D. Salaries

79. A law office might provide which of the following extra services to its clients:
A. Advice
B. Counsel
C. Credit
D. Advocacy

80. Can a lack of customer service cost a business money?
A. No, because customer service is obsolete and unnecessary.
B. Yes, because people who want good customer service often become loyal customers.
C. Yes, because costly sales personnel can be replaced by good customer service.
D. No, because customer service has little effect on patronage.

81. “Our product works great!” is an example of a USP that is not __________ enough.
A. desirable
B. urgent
C. fulfillable
D. specific

82. Why is it a good idea to use different components—advertising, publicity, sales promotion, and personal selling—in a promotional campaign?
A. Some components are more effective in communicating than others, so using several will help the balance.
B. Some promotional elements are easier to implement than others and will generate a higher return.
C. Each different component plays a distinct role, whether informing, persuading, or reminding.
D. Consumers will usually respond only to certain promotional components, so using a mix will help the overall response.

83. A local pizza place gives you a magnet that includes its logo, website, and phone number. This is an example of
A. directory advertising.
B. specialty media.
C. product placement.
D. a spectacular.

84. Alexandria has been using Look-So-Good cosmetics for several years and would not consider changing brands. In fact, Alexandria likes the cosmetics so much that she has become an advocate for the cosmetic company. She tells everyone about the features and benefits of Look-So-Good products and encourages them to try the cosmetics. What type of word-of-mouth marketing is Alexandria using?
A. Organic marketing
B. Mobile marketing
C. Shill marketing
D. Virtual marketing

85. Postcards, catalogs, and sales letters are forms of
A. mass communication.
B. publicity.
C. direct mail.
D. public relations.

86. Which of the following are communication channels that businesses often use when engaging in the push promotion strategy:
A. Mass advertising and coupons
B. Mass advertising and trade shows
C. Trade advertising and pricing
D. Trade advertising and trade shows

87. A food manufacturer just released a new product. The company's public relations department writes an article about the health benefits of the product and includes recipes and photos. A cooking magazine prints the article in its pages for a cost. What PR tool is this company using?
A. A podcast
B. A matte release
C. Philanthropy
D. Crisis management

88. Internal and external controls, policies, and guidelines for reaching goals while meeting stakeholders' needs are all common elements of
A. public relations strategies.
B. corporate governance structures.
C. legal regulations for businesses.
D. nondisclosure agreements.

89. A proofreader making sure every word in a document is spelled correctly is an example of quality management at which of the following levels:
A. Departmental
B. Executive
C. Managerial
D. Job/Performance

90. Why does a company need to have clearly stated business objectives to accurately identify risk?
A. Having clearly stated business objectives makes it easier to identify the actual importance of specific risks.
B. Clearly stated business objectives determine whether the company will achieve the desired amount of profit.
C. Developing clearly stated business objectives is the main activity of designing an overall risk management strategy.
D. Clearly stated business objectives can effectively eliminate all identified business risks.

91. Because __________ measures of risk can be too general, it is also useful to perform __________ assessments of risk.
A. quantitative; qualitative
B. qualitative; quantitative
C. preventative; responsive
D. responsive; preventative

92. Which of the following is a benefit of implementing enterprise risk management (ERM):
A. Improved sales in previously sluggish categories
B. Increased confidence from company stakeholders
C. Fewer expenses related to public relations
D. Increased performance variability

93. Sara works as a salesperson at a local car dealership. She knows first impressions matter, so she always comes to work well dressed and groomed. This shows that Sara believes in maintaining her
A. communication skills.
B. self-confidence.
C. creativity.
D. personal appearance.

94. Which of the following terms best describes an ethical manager who makes decisions about employees by considering only their performance:
A. Cooperative
B. Prejudiced
C. Inferior
D. Fair

95. Which of the following is a price-related question that a business might ask in order to adjust its marketing mix in response to environmental changes:
A. What credit terms should we offer customers?
B. How will technology affect our choice of media?
C. What channels of distribution do competitors use?
D. Should we consider the lifestyles of the target market?

96. One of William's business goals is to increase customer satisfaction by 15%. What is one measure that William could use to assess his progress toward that goal?
A. Number of product returns
B. Level of employee turnover
C. Cost of marketing efforts
D. Number of touchpoints

97. Before Allison opened her bakery two years ago, she wanted to ensure that the baked goods would always have consistent quality, so she documented all of the recipes, steps, and processes needed to produce each baked good. What did Allison develop to help her business run smoothly?
A. A sampling plan
B. A distribution schedule
C. An action plan
D. An employee schedule

98. When tracking the performance of your company's business plan, you should share your results with
A. the management team only.
B. no one—results are confidential.
C. everyone in the company.
D. customers.

99. Which of the following employees would most likely be described as “innovative” by his/her supervisor:
A. Jake, because he is always willing to adapt to changes during a project
B. Madison, because she prefers to stick to traditional ideas and processes
C. Elizabeth, because she gets frustrated when she needs to learn new skills
D. Anthony, because he is usually quiet during brainstorming sessions

100. Change management is important because it helps organizations
A. satisfy the wants and needs of their most valuable employees.
B. make immediate changes to things that employees dislike.
C. improve their operations and logistics management practices.
D. implement and adjust to new processes and procedures.

/////

1. A
Breached the duty of care. The duty of care is the basic principle that expects all individuals and
businesses to exhibit socially responsible behavior by using caution to prevent harm and by watching out
for one another. A tort is a private wrongdoing that potentially harms another person or entity. If a
business or one of its employees breaches the duty of care, the business may be held liable for the tort.
However, the plaintiff must have grounds or proof that establishes that the business or its employee
(defendant) has committed a wrongful act, thereby breaching the duty of care. Intentional damage and
conspiring with a competitor (collusion) are types of torts. The doctrine of sovereign immunity is the
universally accepted principle that each nation has the right to manage its own government and develop
its own laws.
SOURCE: BL:069 Identify the basic torts relating to business enterprises
SOURCE: The Business Professor. (2015, January 9). Breach of duty of care—Negligence. Retrieved
October 15, 2020, from https://thebusinessprofessor.com/lesson/breach-of-duty-of-care/
2. C
Accepted. Contracts are agreements between two or more parties stating that one party is to do
something in return for something provided by another party. Several elements must be present for a
contract to be valid. First, one party must make an offer to do something, such as sell a product for a
certain price and deliver it on a certain date. Then, the other party must accept that offer. A valid contract
cannot be formed unless the offer is accepted. The offer may be made verbally or in writing. Express and
implied are types of contracts that may be formed once the offer is accepted.
SOURCE: BL:002 Describe the nature of legally binding contracts
SOURCE: Laurence, B. (2020). Contracts 101: Make a legally valid contract. Retrieved October 15,
2020, from https://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/contracts-101-make-legally-valid30247.html
3. B
Modifying work schedules. The Americans with Disabilities Act protects workers with physical and/or
mental disabilities from discrimination. The law also states that businesses must make reasonable
accommodations for disabled workers unless that puts an undue burden on the business. Reasonable
accommodation involves making adjustments so that qualified individuals can perform the necessary job
activities. For example, reasonable accommodation might include modifying work schedules so disabled
employees can arrive and depart at different times if they rely on a special bus service to transport them
to and from work. Businesses are not expected to change the required skills, eliminate training, or reduce
educational requirements because the disabled person(s) must be qualified to do the work.
SOURCE: BL:008 Explain the nature of workplace regulations (including OSHA, ADA)
SOURCE: ADA National Network. (2018). Reasonable accommodations in the workplace. Retrieved
October 15, 2020, from https://adata.org/factsheet/reasonable-accommodations-workplace
4. C
Is easy to transfer ownership. Ownership in a corporation can be transferred simply by selling the stock
to another person and transferring the stock certificate to that person. A disadvantage of corporations is
that there are more complex requirements that the corporation must fulfill in order to do business.
Corporations have extensive financial power, but they are difficult to form and operate.
SOURCE: BL:006 Select form of business ownership
SOURCE: LAP-BL-006—Taking Care of Business (Selecting Forms of Business Ownership)
5. D
Making a variety of products available to them. Channels of distribution benefit consumers by making a
variety of products available to them. Without these channels, consumers could only buy products
directly from producers, which would be impractical. Channels may lower some but not all consumer
product prices. They may raise the quality of some but not all consumer products. Increased profits for
businesses are not a benefit for consumers.
SOURCE: CM:001 Explain the nature and scope of channel management
SOURCE: LAP-CM-002—Chart Your Channels (Channel Management)

Test 1237

ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM—KEY

12

6. B
Wholesaler. A wholesaler is an intermediary who helps move goods between producers and retailers by
buying goods from producers and selling them to retailers (e.g., specialty shops). The retailers then sell
the goods to the end users, or ultimate consumers. Agents are intermediaries who assist in the sale
and/or promotion of goods and services but do not take title to them. An industrial user is a business that
buys materials, services, or goods, which it uses to make other goods or uses for company operations.
SOURCE: CM:003 Explain the nature of channels of distribution
SOURCE: LAP-CM-003—Channel It (Channels of Distribution)
7. C
Assess its logistics needs. As a company grows and changes, its needs and objectives often change,
too. Before a business can determine if channel members meet its needs, it must first determine its own
needs. By assessing logistics needs such as customer requirements, industry trends, environmental
issues, technological developments, and current distribution inefficiencies, it can establish criteria to
evaluate channel-member performance. Identification of potential vendors and the development of a
strategic alliance are factors that are considered after the logistics needs assessment is complete. A
location feasibility study is conducted when a company wants to evaluate property for business
operations.
SOURCE: CM:011 Evaluate channel members
SOURCE: Kenton, W. (2020, July 1). Distribution channel. Retrieved October 19, 2020, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/d/distribution-channel.asp
8. D
Provide the customer. A brand promise is similar to a guarantee. It is what the business intends to
provide the customer. A brand promise differs from business to business, depending on the type of
business. For some businesses, the brand promise might be quality at a low price, dependable service,
or reliability. Whatever the promise, that is what customers expect from the business. A business's brand
promise is not what the business intends to sell to the target market, name its product, or use as a
trademark.
SOURCE: CR:001 Identify company's brand promise
SOURCE: LAP-CR-006—Share the Promise (Identifying Brand Promise)
9. C
Profits encourage business owners to conserve resources. Profits encourage business owners to make
their businesses more efficient so that they will make even more profits. Conserving resources is one
way of being more efficient. Conservation of resources benefits society because it means more
resources will be available for future consumers. All of the other alternatives are ways in which profits
benefit businesses.
SOURCE: EC:010 Identify factors affecting a business's profit
SOURCE: LAP-EC-002—Risk Rewarded (Factors Affecting Profit)
10. A
Insurance policies. Insurance is a contractual agreement in which one company (insurer) will pay for
specified losses incurred by the other company (insured) in return for installment payments (premiums).
Insurance policies outline both the insurer's and insured's rights and responsibilities. Stock dividends are
percentages of profits paid to stockholders. Mutual funds are an example of securities.
SOURCE: EC:011 Determine factors affecting business risk
SOURCE: LAP-EC-003—Lose, Win, or Draw (Business Risk)
11. D
Monopoly. A monopoly exists when there is only one source for a given product and no substitute
products are readily available. In these situations, the seller can control the price of that product. Price
discrimination occurs when a manufacturer sets different prices for different customers who are buying
the same goods. False advertising is any form of advertising that is misleading. Inflation occurs when an
inadequate supply of goods/services causes prices to rise rapidly.
SOURCE: EC:012 Explain the concept of competition
SOURCE: LAP-EC-008—Ready, Set, Compete! (Competition)

Test 1237

ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM—KEY

13

12. C
Body language. Body language includes gestures, facial expressions, and any other way of
communicating without words. Leaning toward people to show your interest is an example of using body
language. The effective use of appropriate body language can help you be persuasive because it
encourages others to listen and pay attention to you. The use of persuasive words and listening skills
does not involve leaning toward people to show your interest. Facial expression is a form of body
language.
SOURCE: EI:012 Persuade others
SOURCE: LAP-EI-121—Win Them Over (Persuading Others)
13. D
Commitment to. Asking team members to develop team goals, a mission, and values is one method for
enhancing employees' commitment to the team. It helps team members understand how their work
contributes to the team and overall company objectives. Communication and creativity are important
components of successful teams. Conflict is a team issue that may develop and require conflict resolution
measures.
SOURCE: EI:044 Encourage team building
SOURCE: Eikenberry, K. (2020). Three ways to build greater commitment with team members.
Retrieved October 15, 2020, from https://blog.kevineikenberry.com/leadership-supervisoryskills/build-greater-team-member-commitment/
14. D
A mission statement refers to the present. A mission statement and a vision are two different things. A
mission statement refers to the present, whereas a vision refers to the future. A mission statement might
be revised over time, but your vision is timeless.
SOURCE: EI:063 Determine personal vision
SOURCE: LAP-EI-063—Picture This! (Determining Personal Vision)
15. B
Soliciting feedback. Achievement orientation is a drive to accomplish one's goals and to meet or exceed
a high standard of success. Achievement-oriented people often want to do things better or more
efficiently than they have been done in the past. To find better ways to do things, achievement-oriented
people solicit feedback from others—coworkers, managers, etc. Emma is not setting goals, taking risks,
or being patient.
SOURCE: EI:027 Develop an achievement orientation
SOURCE: LAP-EI-027—High Hopes (Developing an Achievement Orientation)
16. D
A pat on the back from a supervisor at work. Informal recognition is praise given outside of formal
systems and is often spontaneous, such as a positive comment, a pat on the back, or a high five. An
awards ceremony, a trophy given to championship winners, and a wage bonus given to exemplary
employees are all examples of formal recognition systems, which are usually planned and well thought
out.
SOURCE: EI:014 Recognize/Reward others for their efforts and contributions
SOURCE: LAP-EI-141—Gimme Five! (Recognizing/Rewarding Others)
17. D
Strategic relationship. A strategic relationship is a relationship that is formed because it is beneficial for
all parties involved. In this example, Anthony has identified an individual who he thinks could help him
learn about working in the social media department. In return, Anthony will provide the employee with
technical assistance. This is an example of a strategic relationship, not a mentorship program, relational
analysis, or private partnership. A mentorship program generally involves an older and/or more
experienced person helping a younger and/or less experienced person learn about his/her field. The
difference between a strategic relationship and mentoring, however, is that mentees generally have
nothing to provide in return for the mentoring. Relational analysis and private partnership are not terms
used to describe this type of relationship.
SOURCE: EI:114 Establish strategic relationships with others
SOURCE: Boettge, E. (2016, June 13). 6 steps to building strategic relationships. Retrieved October 19,
2020, from https://www.bizlibrary.com/article/6-steps-strategic-relationships/

Test 1237

ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM—KEY

14

18. D
Lower tariffs. A business opportunity is a circumstance that presents itself to provide a good or service.
Entrepreneurs often find business opportunities by monitoring trends, or the direction in which society is
moving. One trend that positively affects international business is the lowering of trade barriers, including
tariffs, which are taxes on import and export products. International trade is becoming more affordable
and profitable because businesses do not pay as much in tariffs. Extreme changes in currency rates may
influence a businessperson's decision to trade internationally, but currency rates always fluctuate
somewhat, which indicates that fluctuations are not a trend. Trade agreements are not enforceable when
a country does not want to participate. The reference to higher allowances is too general in nature to
consider it a trend.
SOURCE: EN:003 Assess global trends and opportunities for business ventures
SOURCE: Dabla-Norris, E., & Duval, R. (2016, June 20). How lowering trade barriers can revive global
productivity and growth. Retrieved October 19, 2020, from
https://blogs.imf.org/2016/06/20/how-lowering-trade-barriers-can-revive-global-productivityand-growth/
19. A
Certain the idea is feasible. Owners/Managers should not conduct a feasibility study if they are certain
the idea is feasible. This certainty may come from a previous study or from observing another business
using the idea successfully. Considering a business expansion is a great reason to conduct a feasibility
study. Even if owners/managers aren't ready to start a venture or are unsure about an idea, it's still
beneficial to conduct a feasibility study to find out more.
SOURCE: EN:038 Determine feasibility of venture ideas
SOURCE: LAP-EN-038—Explore the Possibilities (Conducting Feasibility Studies)
20. D
Sales forecast. An entrepreneur uses many tools to plan a new venture. These tools help an
entrepreneur develop a comprehensive business plan, which includes information about sales. Banks
usually require an entrepreneur to provide them with a business plan when applying for a loan. A sales
forecast is a prediction of sales over a specific time, usually on a monthly, quarterly, and annual basis. It
is important to forecast sales so that the entrepreneur can meet product demand. Marketing objectives
are the goals that a firm seeks to reach with its marketing plan. A promotional budget is the amount of
money a business plans to spend on promoting its goods and services during a certain time. An inventory
report provides information about the company's stock on hand.
SOURCE: EN:008 Explain tools used by entrepreneurs for venture planning
SOURCE: Ward, S. (2020, April 8). How to create a sales forecast. Retrieved October 19, 2020, from
https://www.thebalancesmb.com/sales-forecasting-2948317
21. A
Raw materials, equipment, and product inventory. Costs of sales for a new manufacturing venture
typically include raw materials, equipment, product inventory, warehousing, shipping, and packaging.
Trade show attendance and sales lead lists fall in the sales and marketing costs category. Attorney fees
are a professional expense. Internet access is a technology cost.
SOURCE: EN:009 Assess start-up requirements
SOURCE: Murray, J. (2020, September 17). Understanding cost of goods sold (cost of sales).
Retrieved October 19, 2020, from https://www.thebalancesmb.com/cost-of-goods-sold398161

Test 1237

ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM—KEY

15

22. A
The industry experts typically provide useful information. Industry experts have in-depth knowledge about
a specific field. Experts often know about the trends, processes, new products, and new technologies
that affect the industry. These experts often provide entrepreneurs with useful information as they
develop the ideas for their new ventures. Talking with industry experts doesn't always improve your
management skills or enhance your confidence. Industry experts might know where you can obtain
financial support, but they do not always offer it themselves.
SOURCE: EN:012 Assess the need to use external resources for concept development
SOURCE: SingleComm. (2017, July 26). Top 3 benefits of working with an industry expert. Retrieved
October 19, 2020, from https://singlecomm.com/2017/07/26/top-3-benefits-of-working-withan-industryexpert/#:~:text=Knowledge%20of%20Your%20Business,proven%20track%20record%20of%
20success.&text=They%20can%20explain%20how%20early,as%20your%20overall%20busi
ness%20goals
23. D
List all the tasks involved in operating the business. Often, it helps business owners to write down every
task that the business must perform in order to operate. After listing all tasks, the owners can categorize
tasks by function (e.g., sales, bookkeeping) and determine in which areas they need the help or expertise
of others. In most situations, asking a technical recruiter for advice, hiring consultants or freelancers, or
allocating funds for payroll taxes does not help business owners determine their human resource needs.
SOURCE: EN:017 Explain factors to consider in determining a venture's human-resources needs
SOURCE: CliffsNotes. (2020). Determining human resource needs. Retrieved October 19, 2020, from
https://www.cliffsnotes.com/study-guides/principles-of-management/staffing-and-humanresource-management/determining-human-resource-needs
24. B
Necessary skills and affordability. A business owner considers many factors when determining if s/he
should hire an employee. An important consideration is the nature of the work that the owner needs to
have done. For example, if the owner needs someone to pay bills and mail invoices, s/he would likely
hire a person who has bookkeeping skills. The owner must also consider if s/he can afford to pay a fulltime or a part-time employee. Hiring a full-time employee is more costly because the person works longer
hours, which increases payroll expenses. Benefits are usually not offered to part-time employees, which
makes part-time employees less costly to the business. Training needs are important but depend on the
skills the owner needs for the business. Property taxes, the screening process, and attitude are not
factors that small-business owners consider when deciding to hire additional employees.
SOURCE: EN:018 Explain considerations in making the decision to hire staff
SOURCE: Business News Daily. (2018, January 12). How you know when it's time to hire. Retrieved
October 19, 2020, from http://www.businessnewsdaily.com/1279-how-to-know-when-tohire.html
25. D
Licensed accountant. Outsourcing is acquiring assistance from individual consultants or outside
organizations to obtain goods and services to perform primary business activities. Because business
owners are rarely experts in every area of business, they often rely on outside experts to help them. And
because a licensed accountant is knowledgeable about tax laws and tax incentives, s/he is the
appropriate person to prepare Connor's tax return. Although a probate attorney, a trusted colleague, and
an insurance agent may have some knowledge about tax preparation, they probably do not have the
expertise that a licensed accountant has.
SOURCE: EN:022 Use external resources to supplement entrepreneur's expertise
SOURCE: Patel, N. (2015, November 11). How to know when it's time to hire your first employee.
Retrieved October 19, 2020, from https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/251736

Test 1237

ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM—KEY

16

26. C
All entrepreneurs must take risks. Risk-taking is an essential aspect of entrepreneurship. If you want to
become a successful entrepreneur, you must learn to take risks and seek out risk-taking opportunities.
Smart businesspeople do not necessarily avoid risks. Financial risks affect all businesses, not just new
ones. Finally, risks related to staffing cannot necessarily be largely controlled.
SOURCE: EN:024 Evaluate risk-taking opportunities
SOURCE: Entrepreneur. (2014, October 13). 7 risks every entrepreneur must take. Retrieved October
19, 2020, from https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/238319
27. A
Function. Workflow is the order in which information is shared, tasks are performed, and decisions are
made in relation to activities that keep a business running. A business organizes its workflow in a manner
that best suits the nature of the business and its goals. One way to organize workflow is by function. An
example of workflow by function is when a business's human resources department performs tasks that
involve hiring staff and maintaining employee relations, while the business's purchasing department
orders and buys the business's goods for resale. A business that sells different types of goods might
organize its workflow by product, such as perishable goods and dry goods. A business that organizes its
workflow by region is dividing workflow by geographic location. Rotation is not a method to organize
workflow.
SOURCE: EN:027 Explain methods/processes for organizing workflow
SOURCE: Smartsheet. (2020). A guide to workflow planning and planners. Retrieved October 19, 2020,
from https://www.smartsheet.com/guide-workflow-planning-and-planners
28. A
Talking with customers. After a startup business is up and running, the owner often looks for
opportunities that will enhance the business. In fact, many business owners create a systematic way to
continuously look for these types of opportunities. Talking with customers on a regular basis can help the
owner determine what the customers need and want so that the owner and his/her employees can create
new products to satisfy those needs and wants. Businesses do not create needs. Observing vendors and
meeting business goals do not usually help an owner decide how to expand the business's product line.
SOURCE: EN:031 Create processes for ongoing opportunity recognition
SOURCE: Jackson, J.B. (2017, September 8). Are you talking to your customers? Retrieved October
19, 2020, from https://www.theinsightadvantage.com/are-you-talking-to-your-customers/
29. B
Initiating a public stock offering. Venture harvesting is the stage in the entrepreneurial process in which
the entrepreneur exits the business and collects (harvests) his/her share of the venture investment.
There are many ways to harvest a venture, including closing the business entirely, selling the business to
another person or company, keeping the business intact and releasing cash flows, and taking the
company "public" through an IPO (initial public offering). IPO means that the entrepreneur is selling stock
to the public and giving up control of some or all of the business; over time, the venture becomes a public
corporation. By incorporating the business, the owner is selling stock, which generates money so the
company can continue and grow. Ceasing business operations means that the business cannot grow,
because it is closed. Setting up a public trust fund or developing a licensing program does not help the
owner exit the business, nor does it ensure the business's growth.
SOURCE: EN:035 Describe methods of venture harvesting
SOURCE: Kenton, W. (2020, August 6). Harvest strategy. Retrieved October 19, 2020, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/h/harvest-strategy.asp

Test 1237

ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM—KEY

17

30. B
Poor supply chain management can result in customer dissatisfaction. Poor supply chain management
would likely lead to many problems for all members of a supply chain, such as order fulfillment delays
and product quality issues. These issues would most likely result in customer dissatisfaction, not
customer satisfaction. Good supply chain management would lead to increased value for customers
since product issues would be less likely. Good supply chain management is likely to result in sustainable
business practices, not unsustainable business practices.
SOURCE: OP:477 Explain the impact of supply chain on business performance
SOURCE: Ingram, D. (2020). How does supply chain management affect manufacturing companies?
Retrieved October 19, 2020, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/supply-chainmanagement-affect-manufacturing-companies-75841.html
31. B
Overstate cash receipts and overstate cash payments. In accrual accounting, income is reported when
products are sold rather than when they're paid for; therefore, the cash a business actually has would be
overstated. Expenses (i.e., cash payments) are reported when they are incurred; therefore, failing to
account for accrued expenses would overstate cash payments. With the cash basis of accounting,
income is reported when it is received, and expenses are reported when they are paid.
SOURCE: FI:092 Prepare cash flow statements
SOURCE: BizFluent. (2017, September 26). How to prepare a cash flow statement. Retrieved October
19, 2020, from https://bizfluent.com/how-4452440-prepare-cash-flow-statement.html
32. D
Expensive. Businesses that obtain credit from commercial finance companies should know that they are
often expensive. Commercial finance companies usually are willing to take risks and extend credit to
businesses, but they tend to charge high interest rates on the borrowed money to compensate for the
possibility of not collecting on the debt. Commercial finance companies tend not to be as conservative
and cautious as commercial banks when it comes to extending credit. Whether the finance company is
independent or part of a chain would not be a factor.
SOURCE: FI:023 Explain the purposes and importance of obtaining business credit
SOURCE: Corporate Finance Institute. (2020). Commercial credit. Retrieved October 19, 2020, from
https://corporatefinanceinstitute.com/resources/knowledge/credit/commercial-credit/
33. D
Credit card processing. Because margins on loans are quite small, your banker will be more willing to
loan money if you use the bank's fee-based services, including payroll accounts, wire transfers, and
credit card processing. Certificates of deposit and annuities are means by which the bank pays you for
the use of your money.
SOURCE: FI:039 Analyze critical banking relationships
SOURCE: Management Study Guide. (2020). Fee based banking services. Retrieved October 19,
2020, from https://www.managementstudyguide.com/fee-based-banking-services.htm
34. B
$21,975.00. Businesses often need to obtain financing to purchase new equipment because they do not
have sufficient cash on hand to pay the entire price. Financial institutions frequently loan businesses a
percentage of the value of new equipment and use the equipment as collateral. Then, businesses either
need to pay the remainder from their own funds or obtain additional financing. In this example, a financial
institution will loan the business 85% of the $146,500 worth of equipment. To calculate the additional
amount that the business needs to obtain, first determine the amount the financial institution will loan by
multiplying the percentage by the value of the equipment ($146,500 X 85% [or .85] = $124,525). Then,
subtract the loan amount from the total value of the equipment to determine the additional funds needed
($146,500 − $124,525 = $21,975).
SOURCE: FI:043 Determine financing needed for business operations
SOURCE: U.S. Small Business Administration. (2020). Calculate your startup costs. Retrieved October
19, 2020, from https://www.sba.gov/starting-business/business-financials/estimating-startupcosts

Test 1237

ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM—KEY

18

35. B
Cash flow. Cash flow is the movement of funds into and out of a business. It determines the amount of
cash the business has to work with at any given time. Cash flow is an important part of a business's
capacity to repay a loan, which is one of the criteria that banks use when evaluating loan applications.
Therefore, a business's cash flow is usually the primary source for repaying the loan. If a business has
sufficient cash flow, banks usually are more willing to loan money because there are funds available to
repay the debt. Fixed assets are items of value a business owns that are not expected to change, such
as a building. Fixed assets might be a secondary source because they can be sold to repay a loan.
However, there may not be sufficient assets to cover the amount of the loan. Liabilities are debts the
business owes. Accounts payable are all monies owed by the business to others.
SOURCE: FI:034 Explain loan evaluation criteria used by lending institutions
SOURCE: New Mexico Bank & Trust. (2019, November 1). What do banks look for when lending to a
business? Retrieved October 19, 2020, from
https://www.bizjournals.com/albuquerque/news/2019/11/01/what-do-banks-look-for-whenlending-to-a-business.html
36. B
Shipping. Shipping is a one-time cost. When a business buys something, it should need to be shipped
only one time. Insurance, taxes, and wages are recurring costs that the business will continue to pay over
time.
SOURCE: FI:357 Describe the nature of cost-benefit analysis
SOURCE: LAP-FI-357—Running the Numbers (Cost-Benefit Analysis)
37. D
Profit. Profit is the income left once all expenses are paid. By calculating marginal revenue, the revenue
received from producing and selling one additional unit of output, a business can decide if output is
generating the desired amount of profit. For example, once output is sufficient to cover expenses, each
additional unit of output generates profit. Income is revenue, the total amount of money earned by a
business. Interest is the reward or cost of lending or borrowing money, respectively.
SOURCE: FI:358 Determine relationships among total revenue, marginal revenue, output, and profit
SOURCE: Amadeo, K. (2020, June 10). Profit, the catalyst for capitalism. Retrieved October 19, 2020,
from https://www.thebalance.com/what-is-profit-and-how-does-it-work-3305878
38. D
Vertical. Three common types of financial statement analysis are vertical analysis, horizontal analysis,
and ratio analysis. When conducting vertical analysis, an individual calculates each individual item on a
financial statement as a percentage of the total. After doing so, the analyst can develop common-size
financial statements that allow him/her to compare performance across several years for a single
company or across several different companies. Horizontal analysis, which is sometimes known as trend
analysis, involves analyzing dollar amounts on financial statements for a single company across several
years. Horizontal analysis does not involve the development of common-size financial statements. Ratio
analysis involves the calculation of ratios based on a company's financial data. It allows analysts to
compare numbers within a financial statement and determine the relationships among numbers on
different financial statements. It can also be used to compare the performance of multiple companies.
Ethan is not conducting trend or ratio analysis.
SOURCE: FI:334 Describe types of financial statement analysis (e.g., ratio analysis, trend analysis)
SOURCE: Grant, M. (2020, July 27). Vertical analysis. Retrieved October 19, 2020, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/v/vertical_analysis.asp

Test 1237

ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM—KEY

19

39. D
Sales volume. Sales volume is the amount of a business's sales. Businesses often analyze sales volume
over a period of time when determining future hiring needs. For example, if a business's sales have
increased steadily over a period of time, the business might decide that hiring additional salespeople will
help increase sales even more. The increased sales might also indicate that the business needs to hire
additional support staff to fill orders and provide customer service. Merit pay is a salary increase based
on performance. Job security is the assurance that employees will keep their jobs. Determining future
hiring needs does not involve analyzing formal training.
SOURCE: HR:353 Determine hiring needs
SOURCE: Wicks, D. (2020). How to forecast a firm's demand for employees. Retrieved October 15,
2020, from https://bizfluent.com/13310839/how-to-forecast-a-firms-demand-for-employees
40. B
Interview. The interview is the actual dialogue between the prospect and the interviewer. It is the most
widely used selection tool and gives the interviewer the opportunity to observe applicants personally.
Some businesses administer aptitude tests and check credit records, but these are not the most widely
used techniques. Training takes place after an applicant is hired.
SOURCE: HR:356 Select and hire new employees
SOURCE: Indeed. (2020, September 14). What to expect in an interview and 10 steps to prepare.
Retrieved October 15, 2020, from https://www.indeed.com/career-advice/interviewing/whatto-expect-in-an-interview
41. D
Employee satisfaction. An advantage of training staff is that it tends to increase employee satisfaction.
Employees who have the training to do their jobs correctly usually perform well on the job and are
satisfied with their situation. If employees do not have the necessary training, they may become
discouraged and unmotivated. Dissatisfied employees often are not productive because it is difficult for
them to work effectively. Training may increase operating expenses which is a disadvantage of training.
Training does not necessarily increase compensation or feedback.
SOURCE: HR:392 Train staff
SOURCE: McNamara, C. (n.d.). Employee training and development: Reasons and benefits. Retrieved
October 15, 2020, from http://managementhelp.org/training/basics/reasons-for-training.htm
42. B
Preventive discipline and corrective discipline. Preventive discipline involves managing people in a
certain way so that behaviors which would require discipline are prevented. Corrective discipline is used
to discourage further violations after infractions have already occurred. Remediation is the umbrella term
which includes both forms of disciplinary action. Corrective counseling is a discussion of an infraction and
may be used as part of the corrective discipline process. Peer counseling involves persons on an equal
level. It may also be used to change negative behaviors. Supervisory discipline refers to the level of the
employee being disciplined.
SOURCE: HR:369 Explain the nature of remedial action
SOURCE: iTeach. (2016). Three kinds of discipline. Retrieved October 15, 2020, from
http://www.bilalmunawar.com/heather/5100/three_kinds_of_discipline.php
43. A
It provides consumer feedback and allows marketers to assess the level of demand for products.
Consumer preferences and behaviors change constantly. Marketing research gives companies insight
into what consumers want and what trends are occurring so that they can create products that are
popular and in-demand. While marketing research does give companies some information about
competitors, it cannot reveal proprietary (secret) data or practices. Marketing research is meant to inform
and guide all other marketing practices, not replace them. An effective marketing strategy involves both
research and other practices such as sales promotions and store displays. Finally, research itself can
only reveal problems and trends; it does not prescribe solutions or recommend courses of action. It is up
to the marketers themselves to translate their findings into actionable solutions.
SOURCE: IM:012 Describe the need for marketing data
SOURCE: Business Case Studies. (2019, November 20). Using market research to support decision
making. Retrieved on October 19, 2020, from https://businesscasestudies.co.uk/usingmarket-research-to-support-decision-making-2/#axzz34XKF3D00

Test 1237

ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM—KEY

20

44. B
Implement the marketing concept. The marketing concept is a philosophy of conducting business that is
based on the belief that all business activities should be aimed toward satisfying consumers' wants and
needs while achieving company goals. Marketing research helps businesses implement the marketing
concept by identifying consumers' wants and needs. An exclusive image is not necessarily a result of
marketing research and may not be an objective of the business. Marketing research is a tool used to
solve problems, which cannot usually be done quickly. Marketing research also cannot always provide
information at the time the business needs it.
SOURCE: IM:010 Explain the nature of marketing research
SOURCE: LAP-IM-010—Seek and Find (Marketing Research)
45. A
Informal. Marketing research can be done informally or formally. When a business pays someone to
count cars, that is a form of informal research. Formal research would include not only counting the cars
but questioning consumers and analyzing their responses. Causal research is marketing research that
focuses on cause and effect and tests "what if" theories. Internal research is research carried out within
the business itself.
SOURCE: IM:010 Explain the nature of marketing research
SOURCE: LAP-IM-010—Seek and Find (Marketing Research)
46. D
Family. The first social group a consumer belongs to is her/his family. The family has a strong influence
on consumer behavior and serves as a filter for other important influences such as culture. Friends,
classmates, and neighborhood circles are also social groups that affect buying behavior, but the family is
the very first group a person belongs to.
SOURCE: MK:014 Explain factors that influence customer/client/business buying behavior
SOURCE: LAP-MK-014—Cause and Effect (Buying Behavior)
47. D
Product. Determining the terms of a product's warranty refers to the way in which a company promises to
handle product problems after the sale. The place, or distribution, element of marketing focuses on
considerations in getting the selected product to the right place at the right time. The price element
requires marketers to determine and adjust prices to maximize return and meet customers' perceptions
of value. The promotion element of marketing involves communicating information about goods, services,
images, and/or ideas to achieve a desired outcome.
SOURCE: MP:001 Explain the concept of marketing strategies
SOURCE: LAP-MP-002—Pick the Mix (Nature of Marketing Strategies)
48. B
Soda, personal computers, and toothpaste. Mass marketing involves designing products and directing
marketing activities to appeal to the whole market. Soda, personal computers, toothpaste, and chewing
gum are examples of items that are mass marketed. Farm equipment, textbooks, designer handbags,
and local tax services are products sold to niche markets, or very specific market segments.
SOURCE: MP:003 Explain the concept of market and market identification
SOURCE: LAP-MP-003—Have We Met? (Market Identification)
49. A
Conducts a market analysis. A market analysis is a systematic study of the market. It is important for
business to know how many members of the market want or need the business's product before it
spends the money to market the product in that area. If there is little or no demand for the product in a
specific geographical area or region, then it is not practical to spend money to offer and promote the
product. A business does not use a market analysis to evaluate the business's technology needs or to
develop financial standards. The purpose of an orientation program is to introduce new employees to
their coworkers and orient them to their new work environment.
SOURCE: MP:009 Conduct market analysis (market size, area, potential, etc.)
SOURCE: Kappel, M. (2019, August 15). How to conduct a market analysis the right way. Retrieved
October 19, 2020, from https://www.patriotsoftware.com/blog/accounting/how-to-conduct-amarket-analysis/

Test 1237

ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM—KEY

21

50. A
Environmental scanning. When Gary collects information about the environment surrounding his
business, he is participating in environmental scanning. This process of gathering external information is
an important part of SWOT analysis and the strategic planning process. External information can include
technological advances, competitors' developments, the needs of customers, economic trends, and new
laws or policies. Threat appraisal, competition assessment, and information collecting are not terms that
apply to gathering external information.
SOURCE: MP:010 Conduct SWOT analysis for use in the marketing planning process
SOURCE: LAP-MP-010—Analyze This! (SWOT Analysis)
51. A
$1,471,508.90. A sales forecast is a prediction of future sales over a specific time frame. A firm develops
a sales forecast to help owners and managers make important decisions about the business. The sales
forecast affects many areas of the firm including sales, promotion, purchasing, and human resources. To
calculate next year's sales forecast, first multiply this year's sales by the anticipated percentage decrease
to obtain the anticipated dollar decrease ($1,565,435 X 6% [or .06] = $93,926.10). Then, subtract the
anticipated dollar decrease from this year's sales to obtain next year's sales forecast ($1,565,435 −
$93,926.10 = $1,471,508.90). An alternative method is to subtract the percentage decrease from 100%
and multiply the answer by last year's sales (100% − 6% = 94%; $1,565,435 X 94% [or .94] =
$1,471,508.90).
SOURCE: MP:014 Forecast sales for marketing plan
SOURCE: Roos, D. (2020). How sales forecasting works. Retrieved October 19, 2020, from
http://money.howstuffworks.com/sales-forecasting2.htm
52. B
Product knowledge. To develop an accurate client profile, brokerage houses need to determine if their
clients are well-informed about financial products or if they are new buyers. This is important because the
way brokerage houses market their products will depend on the knowledge level of their clients. If clients
are unfamiliar with stocks and bonds, brokerage houses will need to spend more time educating their
clients in order to make a sale. On the other hand, knowledgeable clients who understand the products
might need a different type of assistance. Information about a customer's social background, political
preference, and intelligence level would be difficult to obtain and not necessarily helpful in developing a
profile.
SOURCE: MP:031 Develop customer profile
SOURCE: Hayes, A. (2020, March 31). Brokerage companies. Retrieved October 20, 2020, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/b/brokerage-company.asp
53. D
Browser. A browser is a type of software application that allows a user to access web data. This is an
important type of software for businesses that want to access the web or create their own web pages.
There are several browsers available, but the most popular is Google Chrome. A modem is an internal or
external computer communications device that is used to transmit information over a particular medium,
such as telephone lines or television cables. Filters are computer programs that block out unwanted
information. Video software is not required for a computer system to be able to access web data.
SOURCE: NF:012 Determine venture's information technology needs
SOURCE: Orgera, S. (2020, February 18). What is a web browser? Retrieved October 19, 2020, from
https://www.lifewire.com/what-is-a-browser-446234
54. C
Internal records. Companies keep many types of internal records about their various business activities.
These records might contain information about sales, agreements with vendors, financial status, etc.
Management and employees use the records to make decisions about day-to-day and future actions. For
example, records that indicate that sales are increasing and the company is profitable might encourage
the business to decide to expand. Businesses monitor their activities on an internal basis. Trade
publications, industry trends, and government statistics are examples of external data.
SOURCE: NF:014 Monitor internal records for business information
SOURCE: IRS. (n.d.). Why should I keep records? Retrieved October 15, 2020, from
https://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/why-should-i-keep-records

Test 1237

ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM—KEY

22

55. D
Mean. The mean is a measure of central tendency. Mean is a mathematical average, which involves
adding together the raw data and dividing the sum by the number of individual data. In the example,
James added together all of the salaries of the companies that he researched ($31,205 + $29,995 +
$34,800 + $42,500 + $36,500 = $175,000). Then, Jack divided the sum by the number of individual
salaries in the set of data ($175,000 / 5 = $35,000). The mode of a set of numbers is the value that
appears most often in the set. The range is the difference between the largest and the smallest number
in the data set. The median is the exact middle of a data set. In the example, $34,800 is the median of
the data set.
SOURCE: NF:093 Interpret statistical findings
SOURCE: Russell, D. (2020, January 23). How to calculate the mean, median, and mode. Retrieved
October 15, 2020, from https://www.thoughtco.com/the-mean-median-and-mode-2312604
56. B
Hazardous areas. Before establishing safety policies and procedures, it is important to survey the
workplace to locate hazardous areas. Businesses need to know what areas might present a danger or
hazard to employees and customers in order to develop the appropriate safety policies and procedures.
Depending on the type of business, these policies and procedures might require the use of safety
goggles, special clothing, etc. Once businesses have identified hazardous areas, they might decide to
install sprinkler systems, surveillance cameras, or electronic alarms.
SOURCE: OP:012 Establish safety policies and procedures
SOURCE: OSHA. (n.d.). Hazard identification and assessment. Retrieved October 19, 2020, from
https://www.osha.gov/shpguidelines/hazard-Identification.html
57. C
Trade secrets. A trade secret is undisclosed information within a particular business or industry. Since a
trade secret is information, it is a type of intangible property. Businesses often establish policies to
protect trade secrets because the use of those secrets sets the businesses apart from competitors. For
example, a secret ingredient is a trade secret. Production systems usually are made up of tangible items
such as equipment. Inventory methods and delivery routes are not types of intangible property that
businesses establish policies to protect.
SOURCE: OP:155 Establish policies to protect company information and intangibles
SOURCE: Frankenfield, J. (2019, August 21). Trade secret. Retrieved October 19, 2020, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/t/tradesecret.asp#:~:text=A%20trade%20secret%20is%20any,of%20internal%20research%20and
%20development
58. C
Interrelated. When purchasing does its job well, other departments can function properly. Purchasing, in
turn, depends on other departments for information and expertise so it can do its job well. Therefore, the
firm's departments can be viewed as interdependent, or interrelated.
SOURCE: OP:015 Explain the nature and scope of purchasing
SOURCE: LAP-OP-002—Buy Right (Purchasing)
59. D
Maximizing. Resources are the items or people that a company uses to make products or accomplish a
goal. A company that does not use its resources wisely risks losing customers and profits, which may
ultimately result in business failure. To make sure that the company is maximizing its resources, the
company should periodically review its procedures and operating systems. Sometimes, procedures and
systems should be changed to increase the company's efficiency. A company uses resources to produce
goods and services, and it does not review procedures to make sure that it is customizing or presenting
resources.
SOURCE: OP:022 Establish efficient operating systems
SOURCE: Ascolese, G. (2017, December 14). Keys to maximizing your company's resources.
Retrieved October 19, 2020, from https://www.wearemarketing.com/blog/keys-to-maximizingyour-companys-resources.html

Test 1237

ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM—KEY

23

60. C
$160,300. Net profit is calculated by subtracting operating expenses and cost of goods sold from income.
To determine net profit, first calculate gross profit by subtracting cost of goods sold from income
($675,500 − $305,200 = $370,300). Then, subtract operating expenses from the gross profit figure to
calculate net profit ($370,300 − $210,000 = $160,300).
SOURCE: OP:024 Explain the nature of overhead/operating costs
SOURCE: Kokemuller, N. (2017, September 26). How do I calculate net profit? Retrieved October 15,
2020, from https://bizfluent.com/how-does-5667878-do-calculate-net-profit-.html
61. B
A large amount of accounts receivable are past due. A business's budget lists projected sales figures as
well as actual numbers. A business monitors this information in order to identify problem areas and make
necessary adjustments. If the budget figures indicate that a large amount of accounts receivable are past
due, the business knows that it has a collection problem and must take steps to obtain payment. A
business that fails to monitor this type of information may lose money from bad debts because it is
difficult to collect old accounts. Businesses that accept credit cards and personal checks receive cash
quickly and do not lose money from bad debts. If cash receipts are high, the business is not losing
money.
SOURCE: OP:030 Use budgets to control operations
SOURCE: Ward, S. (2020, July 12). What is a business budget? Retrieved October 19, 2020, from
https://www.thebalancesmb.com/business-budget2948312#:~:text=Key%20Takeaways,and%20drives%20important%20business%20decision
s.&text=Budgets%20help%20companies%20understand%20start,and%20variable%20incom
e%20and%20expenses
62. B
Production, shipment, and distribution of products. Supply chain management is a career area in which
employees supervise the complete process of getting products into the marketplace—including the
production, shipment, and distribution of products. Supply chain management does not specifically
oversee the buying and selling of stocks, human resources, communications, financial planning, or
managerial accounting; however, each of these business practices influences supply chain management
in its own unique way.
SOURCE: OP:303 Discuss the nature of supply chain management
SOURCE: Hayes, A. (2020, July 1). Supply chain management. Retrieved October 19, 2020, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/s/scm.asp
63. D
Comparing data. Business analysis is the process of investigating and evaluating a business issue,
problem, process, or approach. Companies analyze different types of business activities including
finances, marketing trends, sales, and production. One aspect of effective analysis involves comparing
data. In many situations, comparing data from one period with similar data from another period will help a
company determine if it is accomplishing its goals or if it needs to make adjustments to accomplish its
goals. When employees are reviewing and analyzing financial reports and income data, they are not
informing customers, submitting evidence, or influencing others' opinions.
SOURCE: OP:327 Discuss the nature of business analysis
SOURCE: Netmind. (2020). Essential skills for business analysis. Retrieved October 19, 2020, from
https://netmind.net/product/essential-skills-for-business-analysis/

Test 1237

ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM—KEY

24

64. B
SWOT. A SWOT analysis is a marketing tool that systematically investigates a business's strengths,
weaknesses, opportunities, and threats. Conducting a SWOT analysis can help a company determine
what it needs to do to act on opportunities, build on its existing strengths, reduce threats, and improve or
correct weaknesses. This, in turn, will help the business remain competitive in the marketplace. PERT is
the acronym for program evaluation and review technique, which is a method (flowchart) that businesses
often use to coordinate product development activities. Financial leverage refers to the tools that a
business has to increase its wealth or assets. Resource allocation is the ways in which a business uses
its employees' skills, funds, supplies, and equipment.
SOURCE: OP:327 Discuss the nature of business analysis
SOURCE: Vitez, O. (2020, October 8). What are the different types of business analysis tools?
Retrieved October 19, 2020, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-are-the-different-types-ofbusiness-analysis-tools.htm
65. B
A goal. Businesses use process thinking to define and develop a system to accomplish a specific goal or
task. Every process should have a goal, and its outputs should be measured against that goal. Each
individual process should also support the overall goals of an organization. A process doesn't have a
specific deadline, since it is a technique used to achieve goals and meet deadlines. Each business
process should have a single owner who is responsible for the output and functionality of the process. A
business process should have a clearly defined, limited scope.
SOURCE: OP:474 Discuss business process thinking and its impact
SOURCE: Pearson, S. (2020). Importance of process thinking in business management. Retrieved
October 19, 2020, from https://tallyfy.com/process-thinking/
66. A
Human. People have a big impact on business processes. Stress, fatigue, and morale all influence how
successful a process will be. When designing a business process, therefore, companies should consider
how human factors will affect the process. Technology, regulations, and the environment surrounding the
company or employee also impact business processes; however, this example best demonstrates how
human factors impact process design.
SOURCE: OP:475 Describe the factors that influence business process design
SOURCE: Taylor, H. (2017, September 26). Factors that affect process design. Retrieved October 19,
2020, from https://bizfluent.com/list-7444011-factors-affect-process-design.html
67. D
To improve performance. There are several reasons why a business may choose to change its business
processes, including to improve performance, reduce costs, increase profitability, or even satisfy
employee demands. However, this example best demonstrates a company changing a process to
improve the overall performance of its recruitment strategy.
SOURCE: OP:476 Explain the causes of business process changes
SOURCE: The Hackett Group. (2020). Enabling business process change. Retrieved October 19, 2020,
from https://www.thehackettgroup.com/business-process-change/
68. A
Creates value for potential buyers. A business owner who plans to sell his/her company should develop
products, employees, and business strategies that will appeal to future buyers. When a business owner
sells his/her business to another company, s/he typically gives up control and no longer earns personal
income from it. Developing a business to appeal to one specific company is an ill-advised business
strategy because it severely limits the number of potential buyers.
SOURCE: EN:037 Develop exit strategies
SOURCE: Robbins, S. (2020). Exit strategies for your business. Retrieved October 19, 2020, from
https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/78512

Test 1237

ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM—KEY

25

69. C
Avoid collecting unnecessary data. Avoiding the collection of unnecessary data is a proactive strategy
that a company can use to prevent customers' private information from being exposed to the dangers of
a data breach. Personal data should be destroyed when they are no longer needed in order to eliminate
the risk of exposure or loss. Dealing with data breaches immediately and training employees on how to
handle them do not prevent data breaches from occurring.
SOURCE: OP:473 Evaluate strategies for protecting business' digital assets (e.g., website, social
media, email, etc.), customer data, and other protected information
SOURCE: National Cyber Security Alliance. (2015, October 5). Small and midsized businesses learn to
protect their digital assets during national cyber security awareness month. Retrieved
October 19, 2020, from https://staysafeonline.org/press-release/small-midsized-businessesprotect-digital-assets/
70. B
Positioning. Innovation is the lifeblood of business, helping firms to stay competitive and to move forward.
There are four specific types of innovation: product, process, positioning, and paradigm. Product
innovation involves the development of totally new or improved products. Process innovation involves
improving some aspect of a process (e.g., manufacturing process). Positioning innovation involves
identifying new, different ways to position a product or a company. LXT capitalized on positioning
innovation by finding a different way to position its audiobooks in the marketplace. Paradigm innovation is
a shift in the way of thinking that causes change.
SOURCE: PD:126 Explain the need for innovation skills
SOURCE: LAP-PD-126—Ideas in Action (Innovation Skills)
71. C
To ensure that companies are held to high ethical standards. Corporate governance is important because
it holds companies accountable for their behavior and helps organizations avoid financial, legal, and
ethical pitfalls. The purpose of corporate governance is not to create a favorable image for the company,
to make hiring and firing decisions for entry-level employees, or to improve relations with company
stockholders.
SOURCE: PD:213 Discuss the importance of corporate governance in business
SOURCE: Reference. (2020, April 13). Why is corporate governance important? Retrieved October 19,
2020, from https://www.reference.com/business-finance/corporate-governance-important6f7173fe92e0b495#
72. C
Management; stakeholders. Internal audits are performed for management within a company to analyze
practices and examine risks. External audits are done by outside firms and are used by stakeholders
such as investors, creditors, and lenders. External audits are generally not used by employees,
management, or competitors. Internal audits are not used by stakeholders or creditors.
SOURCE: PD:214 Describe the components of a well-governed company (e.g., board of directors,
reporting, transparency, internal and external audit functions)
SOURCE: Bragg, S. (2019, July 9). The difference between internal and external audits. Retrieved
October 19, 2020, from http://www.accountingtools.com/questions-and-answers/thedifference-between-internal-and-external-audits.html
73. C
Jana prepares a press release about her firm's new licensing agreement with a large company. The
public relations department is the area of the business that is responsible for establishing good relations
between the business and the public. Public relations staff members are responsible for developing and
distributing press releases. Press releases include newsworthy information about the business and are
provided to the media to obtain publicity. Businesses often distribute press releases to announce new
products, employee promotions, mergers, awards, licensing agreements, etc. Sales promotion is a
product-promotion activity. Calling on prospective customers to schedule product demonstrations is a
sales activity. Reviewing an overdue-accounts report is an accounting activity.
SOURCE: PR:252 Identify types of public-relations activities
SOURCE: Agility PR Solutions. (2020). Public relations activities. Retrieved October 19, 2020, from
https://www.agilitypr.com/resources/pr-glossary/public-relations-activities/

Test 1237

ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM—KEY

26

74. A
Measurable. When monitoring progress in achieving organizational goals, it's important to evaluate
objectives that are measurable. In business, what gets measured gets managed. Objectives that are
vague, flexible, or implied will make it difficult to monitor and measure progress.
SOURCE: PD:257 Monitor progress in achieving organizational goals
SOURCE: Robbins, S. (2019, December 17). How to measure progress and achieve goals. Retrieved
October 19, 2020, from https://www.quickanddirtytips.com/productivity/projectmanagement/how-to-measure-progress-achieve-goals
75. B
Exchange. Exchange price is the amount of money that the buyer is willing to pay and the seller is willing
to accept for a good or service. In other words, exchange price is the selling price. Exchange prices
should be realistic, flexible, and competitive. Whether these prices are discount or wholesale prices
would depend upon the type of company. Equilibrium price is the price at which the quantity of a good
that buyers want to buy and the quantity that sellers are willing to sell at a certain price are exactly equal.
This price seldom exists in the marketplace.
SOURCE: PI:001 Explain the nature and scope of the pricing function
SOURCE: LAP-PI-001—The Price Is Right (Nature of Pricing)
76. D
Affected by changes in sales volume. Fixed expenses are operating expenses that do not go up or down
with changes in sales volume but remain the same over time. They are required to run the business,
incurred on a regular basis, and would be included in the operating budget.
SOURCE: PI:002 Explain factors affecting pricing decisions
SOURCE: Averkamp, H. (2020). What is a fixed expense? Retrieved October 19, 2020, from
https://www.accountingcoach.com/blog/what-is-a-fixed-expense
77. D
To increase the total amount of sales income. The purpose of sales-oriented pricing objectives is to
increase the total amount of income from sales. There are two ways a business can do this. One way is
to charge low prices in an effort to increase the volume of sales. The alternative is to charge high prices
in an effort to increase the dollar value of its sales. The purpose of profit-oriented pricing objectives is
focused on creating profits for the business. Some of the objectives a business might achieve through
profit-oriented pricing include survival of the business and return on investment.
SOURCE: PI:002 Explain factors affecting pricing decisions
SOURCE: McCormick, M. (2017, August 3). Why pricing objectives are fundamental to business
success. Retrieved October 19, 2020, from https://blog.blackcurve.com/why-pricingobjectives-are-fundamental
78. A
Profits. A business might experience a decrease in profits if it adds an inappropriate item to the product
mix. An inappropriate item might compete with the original goods, which would cause sales of the original
goods to decline and sales for the new item to be less than expected. Businesses should make sure that
their product mix is appropriate in order to increase sales and profits. Expenses are the monies that a
business spends. Prices are the amounts of money paid for a good, service, or resource. Salaries are
money payments for labor.
SOURCE: PM:003 Explain the concept of product mix
SOURCE: LAP-PM-003—Mix and Match (The Nature of the Product Mix)
79. C
Credit. Many businesses offer their clients (customers) extended credit or payment plans. Credit is an
extra service that businesses offer rather than a service that a business might sell. For example, a law
office sells legal services but may allow its clients to pay for those services over a period of time. Advice,
counsel, and advocacy are types of legal services for which law offices charge their clients rather than
extra services.
SOURCE: PM:036 Determine services to provide customers
SOURCE: Diffactory. (2016, November 30). Grow your business by offering additional products and
services. Retrieved October 19, 2020, from https://www.diffactory.com/grow-businessoffering-additional-products-services/

Test 1237

ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM—KEY

27

80. B
Yes, because people who want good customer service often become loyal customers. Loyal customers
are repeat customers, which leads to stable or increased sales. By not offering certain services, the
business runs the risk of losing customers to the competition. Customer service cannot replace sales
personnel and is not obsolete. It is necessary to maintain patronage and build new customer
relationships.
SOURCE: PM:013 Explain the role of customer service in positioning/image
SOURCE: LAP-PM-001—Customer Service Supersized (The Role of Customer Service in
Positioning/Image)
81. D
Specific. “Our product works great!” is an example of a USP that is not specific enough. Vague unique
selling propositions cannot work. You must communicate the specific benefit customers will receive from
giving you their business. This USP may be considered urgent, fulfillable, and desirable, but it needs to
be more specific to work successfully.
SOURCE: PM:272 Identify company's unique selling proposition
SOURCE: LAP-PM-272—Stand Out (Unique Selling Proposition)
82. C
Each different component plays a distinct role, whether informing, persuading, or reminding. No one
promotional component can communicate with all audience segments in all ways. Each type of
promotional element communicates in a different fashion and complements the other elements. One
promotional component is not more effective across the board than the others. Instead, in certain
situations some are more effective. That's why a promotional mix will maximize communications efforts.
Different consumers respond in different ways to different messages and different promotional
components—another reason a mix of promotional elements will help get the best response possible.
While some elements can be easier to implement in some situations, it is not a general rule of thumb. Nor
do some elements generate a higher "return" than others, especially since the effectiveness of each
promotional element is evaluated differently.
SOURCE: PR:001 Explain the role of promotion as a marketing function
SOURCE: Roth, L. (2020). Promotional mix elements and examples: An actionable guide. Retrieved
October 19, 2020, from https://blog.alexa.com/promotional-mix-elements/
83. B
Specialty media. Specialty media is a type of "other" media that features a business's logo, is useful, and
is given away freely. A magnet featuring a business's logo, website, and phone number is considered
specialty media. Directory advertising includes promotional messages found in directories of a general
nature such as the Yellow Pages or in specialized listings of companies in an industry. Product
placement is a type of "other" media that uses products as props in movies, television shows, and video
games. A spectacular is a type of out-of-home advertisement built to order and often designed with neon
lights or moving parts.
SOURCE: PR:007 Explain types of advertising media
SOURCE: LAP-PR-003—Ad-quipping Your Business (Types of Advertising Media)
84. A
Organic marketing. Word-of-mouth promotion occurs when customers tell others about their satisfaction
with the business. Organic word-of-mouth promotion occurs naturally. Because customers are satisfied
with the business and its products, they enthusiastically tell others about their satisfaction in the course of
normal conversation. In some situations, customers trust and like the product so much that they become
product advocates—putting in a good word whenever and wherever they can. Virtual marketing involves
communicating product information via the internet. Mobile marketing involves communicating
information via mobile devices and networks (e.g., smartphones). Shill marketing involves employing
people to pose as customers who are satisfied with a business's product using word-of-mouth
techniques. Shill marketing is unethical behavior, and in some jurisdictions, it is an illegal practice.
SOURCE: PR:247 Describe word-of-mouth channels used to communicate with targeted audiences
SOURCE: Warren, M. (2020). Word of mouth marketing in 2020: How to create a strategy for social
media buzz & skyrocket referral sales. Retrieved October 19, 2020, from
https://www.bigcommerce.com/blog/word-of-mouth-marketing/#what-is-word-of-mouthmarketing

Test 1237

ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM—KEY

28

85. C
Direct mail. Direct mail is a promotional medium that comes to consumers' homes and businesses in the
form of letters, catalogs, postcards, faxes, and folders. Publicity is any nonpersonal presentation of ideas,
goods, or services that is not paid for by the company or individual that benefits from or is harmed by it.
Television and radio commercials and newspaper and magazine advertisements are examples of mass
communication, which consists of nonpersonal promotional messages. The function of business
designed to establish good relations between the business and the public is public relations.
SOURCE: PR:089 Explain the nature of direct marketing channels
SOURCE: Lesko, B. (2019, April 16). What is direct mail marketing? Retrieved October 19, 2020, from
https://www.themailshark.com/resources/articles/what-is-direct-mail-marketing/
86. D
Trade advertising and trade shows. Sales promotion encompasses promotional activities other than
advertising, personal selling, and publicity. Depending on their target markets, businesses use different
types of sales-promotion strategies to stimulate sales. When a business uses the push sales-promotion
strategy, it is attempting to move or push the product through the distribution channel to the end user. To
do this, businesses use sales-promotion techniques (e.g., discount coupons and rebates) to provide
channel members with incentives to sell the products to their customers, who are often the end users.
Businesses often use trade advertising and trade shows to inform channel members about their products
and sales promotions. If a business uses a pull strategy, it is likely to use mass advertising
communication channels (e.g., national television commercials) to reach the target market. Pricing is a
marketing function that involves determining and adjusting prices to maximize returns and to meet
customers' perceptions of value.
SOURCE: PR:249 Identify communications channels used in sales promotion
SOURCE: QuickBooks. (2019). What are push & pull promotional strategies? Retrieved October 19,
2020, from https://quickbooks.intuit.com/ca/resources/marketing/push-and-pull-promotionalstrategy/
87. B
A matte release. Matte releases are articles PR teams generate for placement in print or online
publications. A food manufacturer might submit an article that features recipes involving their product.
Podcasts are digital audio files that can be used for public relations activities. Crisis management is the
process PR departments use to deal with a sudden negative emergency. A matte release of this type
would likely not be considered philanthropy.
SOURCE: PR:250 Explain communications channels used in public-relations activities
SOURCE: Turgeon, V. (2020, July 29). What is a MAT release? Retrieved October 19, 2020, from
https://www.brandpoint.com/blog/what-is-a-mat-release/
88. B
Corporate governance structures. An effective corporate governance strategy combines controls,
policies, and guidelines to ensure that the organization is reaching its objectives while meeting its
stakeholders' needs. Common examples of controls, policies, and guidelines include performance
measurement systems, audits, separation of power within the governance structure, and clearly defined
communication lines. Controls and policies can also be external, such as legal regulations for business.
Policies and guidelines are also important for driving an organization toward its goals. Controls, policies,
and guidelines are not necessarily the primary elements of public relations strategies, legal regulations
for businesses, or nondisclosure agreements.
SOURCE: PD:302 Identify the factors that impact governance structures
SOURCE: Davoren, J. (2020). Three types of corporate governance mechanisms. Retrieved October
19, 2020, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/three-types-corporate-governancemechanisms-66711.html

Test 1237

ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM—KEY

29

89. D
Job/Performance. A proofreader making sure that every word in a document is spelled correctly is an
example of quality management at the job/performance level. Proofreading is this employee's job, and
s/he is creating a quality product. The leadership (or managerial) level refers to top management and the
company's overall goals and plans, which includes the executive level. The departmental level refers to
the company's departments serving each other as internal customers.
SOURCE: QM:001 Explain the nature of quality management
SOURCE: LAP-QM-001—Keep It Quality (Nature of Quality Management)
90. A
Having clearly stated business objectives makes it easier to identify the actual importance of specific
risks. Risk management involves identifying, analyzing, and evaluating potential risks so they can be
effectively managed. When a company's business objectives are clearly stated, it is easier to identify how
important a specific risk is. Achieving a desired amount of profit is dependent on many factors and is not
achieved solely by identifying risk or developing clearly stated business objectives. Developing clearly
stated business objectives is just one activity involved in designing an overall risk management strategy.
An overall risk management strategy is a complex and strategic business management tool that has
many important components (e.g., risk assessment matrix analysis and formal contingency plans) to
reduce actual risks. Since business risks are an inherent part of conducting business, it is impossible to
eliminate them—no matter how clearly stated the company's business objectives are.
SOURCE: RM:044 Discuss the relationship between risk and business objectives
SOURCE: Moore, A. (2016, November 16). Risk management: Alignment to the business objectives.
Retrieved October 19, 2020, from https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/risk-managementalignment-business-objectives-andrew-moore
91. B
Qualitative; quantitative. Qualitative analysis of risks measures the probability of a risk occurring.
Quantitative risk analysis is more precise and assigns numbers to risks based on data reported.
Qualitative risk analysis is more general, whereas quantitative risk assessment helps go more in depth
and offer a more valid way to make decisions. Risk assessments are generally not categorized as
preventative or responsive.
SOURCE: RM:059 Explain ways to assess risk
SOURCE: Hillestad, B. (2018, January 4). Risk assessment: Qualitative vs quantitative. Retrieved
October 19, 2020, from https://sbscyber.com/resources/risk-assessment-qualitative-vsquantitative#:~:text=A%20quantitative%20risk%20assessment%20focuses,the%20knowledg
e%20of%20the%20assessor.&text=In%20many%20cases%2C%20you%20can,enhance%2
0an%20existing%20risk%20assessment
92. B
Increased confidence from company stakeholders. Companies that implement enterprise risk
management (ERM) are more likely to enjoy confidence from their shareholders and other stakeholders.
ERM sends a strong signal to shareholders that the organization is taking risk management seriously.
ERM can provide assurance to management, the board of directors, and shareholders that all possible
steps are being taken to manage and prevent risk. Improved sales and decreased expenses in public
relations are not guaranteed when implementing ERM. Ideally, ERM would result in less performance
variability—meaning that the organization's performance would remain consistently high.
SOURCE: RM:062 Discuss the nature of enterprise risk management (ERM)
SOURCE: Kenton, W. (2020, September 17). Enterprise risk management (ERM). Retrieved October
19, 2020, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/e/enterprise-riskmanagement.asp#:~:text=Enterprise%20risk%20management%20(ERM)%20is,an%20organ
ization's%20operations%20and%20objectives
93. D
Personal appearance. First impressions are important: A well-dressed and groomed salesperson can
make a good first impression. By developing self-confidence, a salesperson can help customers have
faith in the business. Communication skills involve expressing yourself clearly, and creativity is used in
finding new and improved ways to sell your products.
SOURCE: SE:017 Explain the nature and scope of the selling function
SOURCE: LAP-SE-017—Sell Away (The Nature and Scope of Selling)

Test 1237

ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM—KEY

30

94. D
Fair. Ethics are the basic principles that govern a person's behavior. A manager who shows impartiality
and has the ability to make judgments without showing favoritism or demonstrating self-interest is
exhibiting fair behavior. A person is prejudiced when s/he has an opinion or makes a judgment based on
feeling or hearsay. An inferior attitude is an outlook of people who believe that they are less worthy than
the people around them. Being cooperative means being able to get along with another person.
SOURCE: SM:002 Explain the nature of managerial ethics
SOURCE: Imani, F. (2020). How to treat employees fairly in the workplace. Retrieved October 19, 2020,
from http://work.chron.com/treat-employees-fairly-workplace-3070.html
95. A
What credit terms should we offer customers? This is a price-related question because it is related to the
options to be offered customers in paying for their purchases. Environmental changes such as downturns
in the economy that leave consumers short of cash may make offering credit necessary to the continued
operation of the business. Asking how technology will affect the choice of media is a promotion-related
question. Asking whether the lifestyles of the target market should be considered is a product-related
question. Asking what channels of distribution competitors use is a place-related question.
SOURCE: SM:011 Explain external planning considerations
SOURCE: Sherman, F. (2019, February 12). The effects of a change in business environment on
strategic planning. Retrieved October 19, 2020, from
https://smallbusiness.chron.com/effects-change-business-environment-strategic-planning4708.html
96. A
Number of product returns. An organization's balanced scorecard should include multiple business goals
and measures that can be used to assess progress toward those goals. If one of those goals is to
increase customer satisfaction by 15%, an effective measure of progress toward that goal is the number
of product returns. As the business increases its customers' satisfaction with its goods and services, the
number of product returns should decrease—because satisfied customers are happy with their
purchases and less likely to return or exchange the items. Although increased marketing efforts, more
touchpoints, and less employee turnover may increase customer satisfaction, they are not effective
measures of the resulting customer satisfaction.
SOURCE: SM:027 Identify and benchmark key performance indicators (e.g., dashboards, scorecards)
SOURCE: Twin, A. (2020, August 15). Key performance indicators (KPIs). Retrieved October 19, 2020,
from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/k/kpi.asp#:~:text=Key%20performance%20indicators%
20(KPIs)%20refer,businesses%20within%20the%20same%20sector
97. C
An action plan. An action plan contains the specific tactics a business will use to carry out an activity. In
this situation, Allison developed an operations action plan because she documented the specific steps
that need to be performed to produce the baked goods that she sells. A distribution schedule is a timeline
for distributing goods and services. A sampling plan is an outline for the sampling process to ensure that
a truly representative sample of the population can be drawn in the most efficient way possible with the
lowest potential for error. An employee schedule is a timeline that details the shifts that employees work
for a specific time frame.
SOURCE: SM:012 Develop action plans
SOURCE: McNamara, C. (n.d.). Basics of action planning (as part of strategic planning). Retrieved
October 19, 2020, from https://managementhelp.org/strategicplanning/actionplanning.htm
98. C
Everyone in the company. It's important for everyone in the company, from employees to mangers, to
know how the business plan is performing. Employees must know how they are doing if they want to
improve. Also, sharing performance tracking with everyone can encourage employees to share
suggestions for improvement. Customers do not need to know the performance of the business plan.
SOURCE: SM:006 Track performance of business plan
SOURCE: Reh, F.J. (2019, January 8). Using metrics to measure business performance. Retrieved
October 19, 2020, from https://www.thebalancecareers.com/you-can-t-manage-what-youdont-measure-2275996

Test 1237

ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT EXAM—KEY

31

99. A
Jake, because he is always willing to adapt to changes during a project. To innovate new ideas and
processes, employees must be willing to adapt to unforeseen circumstances. This flexibility is essential to
successfully innovate. Sticking to traditional ideas and processes, getting frustrated when learning new
skills, and staying quiet during brainstorming sessions are all indications that these employees are not
likely to be called innovative by their supervisors.
SOURCE: SM:094 Describe relationship among innovation, learning, and change
SOURCE: Bagley, R. (2014, January 15). The 10 traits of great innovators. Retrieved October 19, 2020,
from http://www.forbes.com/sites/rebeccabagley/2014/01/15/the-10-traits-of-greatinnovators/#5429e812ed50
100. D
Implement and adjust to new processes and procedures. Change management is a set of strategies
designed to ensure that changes in an organization are smoothly and thoroughly implemented. Change
management does not enable organizations to make immediate changes to things that employees
dislike, and it is not intended to satisfy only the wants and needs of the most valuable employees.
Change management is not intended to improve an organization's operations and logistics management
practices.
SOURCE: SM:095 Explain the nature of change management
SOURCE: Mind Tools. (2020). Change management. Retrieved October 19, 2020, from
https://www.mindtools.com/pages/article/newPPM_87.htm

