1. Which of the following best describes a secured business line of credit:
A. It is difficult to get approved.
B. It is riskier for the lender.
C. It requires collateral.
D. It comes with a higher interest rate.

2. Which of the following is a way in which companies can become customer-focused:
A. Prioritizing customer feedback
B. Being reactive when communicating company changes
C. Preventing customers from going above and beyond
D. Avoiding personalized experiences

3. External audits are different from internal audits in that external audits
A. focus on proving the accuracy of financial statements.
B. focus on measuring current performance.
C. look for areas of improvement.
D. are conducted by someone within the company.

4. Business employees typically write proposals to management to
A. analyze a project's progress.
B. share a plan of action.
C. request a raise.
D. air grievances.

5. Who should you talk to when conducting a SWOT analysis for your business?
A. Only top managers of the company
B. Only mid-level employees
C. Everyone—from company leaders to low-level employees
D. Your competitors—to see how they view your business

6. When Blend Inc. finalized a merger with a competitor, the company’s leadership hosted a meeting to tell employees how the merger will impact them. This is an example of how
A. gaining buy-in is an important aspect of change management.
B. change management does not require a leader to be successful.
C. change can negatively affect a company if not managed well.
D. only people at the top of a company are impacted by change.

7. Which of the following is an advantage of direct marketing:
A. It lacks a personal touch.
B. It must conform to legal regulations.
C. It is cost effective.
D. It leads to consumer overload.

8. Amy recently bought a new phone case and is very pleased with her purchase. In fact, she has talked about how much she likes the phone case to her friends, family, and co-workers. This is an example of __________ marketing.
A. cause
B. grassroots
C. word-of-mouth
D. guerrilla

9. Wes, a public relations (PR) professional for an electronics company, releases an official statement to the media about a new product the company is releasing. Wes is utilizing what PR tool?
A. Press release
B. Blog
C. Newsletter
D. Social media marketing

10. Which of the following factors affecting selling price is determined by what people want and can afford:
A. Competition
B. Costs
C. Supply and demand
D. Economic conditions

11. Why might a company choose an expansion product-mix strategy?
A. Because it can help limit production costs
B. Because a product has lost its appeal to customers
C. Because it attracts a new target market
D. Because it offers customers complementary products

12. Which of the following is an important part of team recognition:
A. Written praise
B. Celebrating together
C. Giving certificates
D. Going public

13. Which of the following is a legal question for an employer to ask an interviewee during a job interview:
A. Are you a U.S. citizen?
B. What makes you a strong candidate for this job?
C. How many children do you have?
D. Have you experienced any serious illnesses?

14. What can an entrepreneur do to adapt to a changing business environment?
A. Bring in the right people
B. View challenges as obstacles
C. Accept advice from everyone and anyone
D. Be reactive, rather than proactive

15. Businesses that use a harvest strategy __________ spending on an established, yet declining, product to __________ profits.
A. increase; maximize
B. increase; minimize
C. reduce; minimize
D. reduce; maximize

16. Mary, a manager for a clothing outlet store, is deciding what work will be done and how it will be accomplished. What management function is Mary most likely using in this scenario?
A. Planning
B. Staffing
C. Organizing
D. Directing

17. When conducting a market analysis, which of the following should a business do first:
A. Look at industry standards
B. Pinpoint target customers
C. Determine the purpose
D. Put its analysis into action

18. Which of the following is an advantage of hiring a new employee for a startup:
A. Onboarding and training
B. Happier customers
C. Additional help
D. Increased profits

19. Bradley is a salesman who routinely studies the features and components of his company’s products to better prepare for his sales pitches. What aspect of selling does this illustrate?
A. It takes place to influence purchase decisions.
B. It should enhance future business opportunities.
C. It is a personalized communication
D. It is a planned communication.

20. Which of the following are two ways that consumers can use technology to block advertisers:
A. Ad-blocking software and watching shows online
B. Do-Not-Call registries and DVRs
C. Spam email filters and DVRs
D. Do-Not-Call registries and ad-blocking software

21. Ahmed has just opened a small bakery. In the kitchen, he has hung a sign for all employees to see that reads, “Our goal is to become the community leader in quality ingredients, exemplary service, and sustainable operations.” This sign is an example of a
A. mission statement.
B. domain name.
C. touchpoint.
D. vision statement.

22. Which of the following statements about risk management is true:
A. It helps businesses be proactive, not reactive.
B. All business risks are speculative risks.
C. Risk offers a possibility of loss, but no gain.
D. It increases uncertainty about the future.

23. The five essential functions of supply chain management include planning, sourcing, making, delivering, and
A. networking.
B. recruiting.
C. optimizing.
D. returning.

24. New legislation has greatly impacted the technology company that Katie works for. Recently, Katie’s management decisions have been based on adapting to this new legislation. What factor is most likely influencing Katie’s management decisions?
A. Structural transformations
B. Regulatory changes
C. Economic factors
D. Competition in the industry

25. Which of the following are two characteristics of effective pricing:
A. Rigid and realistic
B. Realistic and competitive
C. Competitive and popular
D. Popular and rigid

26. Jonathan received capital for his small business after providing collateral and promising to pay the money back. What type of small business capital did Jonathan most likely receive?
A. Money from an angel investor
B. Commercial loan
C. Personal seed money
D. Funding from a venture capitalist

27. To protect its social media accounts from being hacked, a company should make sure employees
A. regularly update their computers and software.
B. are unable to post on social media.
C. use public Wi-Fi networks whenever possible.
D. use the same password for different accounts.

28. Elyssa’s manager asks her to create a master budget. What type of budget is her manager most likely asking for?
A. Flexible budget
B. Dynamic budget
C. Variable budget
D. Fixed budget

29. Which of the following actions can lead to a potential safety issue in the workplace:
A. Excessive exposure to loud noise
B. Parking in a nearly full parking lot
C. Turning on the air conditioner on a hot day
D. Unplugging a laptop when it is fully charged

30. When conducting a competitive analysis, businesses should
A. determine the market segments their competitors serve.
B. focus mainly on the weaknesses of their competition.
C. avoid visiting the competitor’s website or storefront.
D. ignore the benefits their competitors offer.

31. The ABCD Corporation has to pay taxes on its profits. What type of tax does this refer to?
A. Income
B. Payroll
C. Excise
D. Property

32. A flood has caused damage to a company's inventory warehouse. This is an example of what type of risk that enterprise risk management addresses?
A. Security
B. Legal
C. Operational
D. Strategic

33. The XYZ Company is creating a business model. What stage of the business life cycle is the company in?
A. Startup
B. Maturity
C. Growth
D. Decline

34. Knowledge is more __________ than learning.
A. long-lasting
B. attainable
C. external
D. short-term

35. Which of the following is a way in which customers benefit from effective supply chains:
A. Increased cash flow
B. Heightened transparency
C. Higher profits
D. Better product availability

36. A bank turned down Brian's loan application, as he did not demonstrate his ability to repay the loan. This describes which of the five Cs of credit?
A. Collateral
B. Conditions
C. Capacity
D. Character

37. Which of the following is an advantage of segment marketing:
A. It takes more resources to pull off successfully.
B. It is more precise than mass marketing.
C. It communicates a broad message to a large audience.
D. It is more complex and difficult to produce.

38. A company aims to create 500 items every hour, but its machinery often breaks down and is time-consuming to fix. This scenario demonstrates how __________ affects process design.
A. customer demand
B. human factors
C. technology
D. the regulatory environment

39. Which of the following statements about financing a startup business is true:
A. Startup owners should never invest their own money into their business.
B. Borrowing money from family or friends is a common way for startups to obtain capital.
C. Government grants are not an option for startup companies.
D. It is much easier for a startup to receive funding than an established business.

40. Marketers use unique selling propositions (USPs) as part of their __________ strategies.
A. trading-up
B. product differentiation
C. bundling
D. relationship marketing

41. If a business wants to stay up to date with business and market trends, it should
A. alter its product mix.
B. hire more employees.
C. read industry trade journals.
D. review its sales history.

42. Which of the following is a typical component of a loan application package:
A. Driver's license
B. Marriage license
C. Job description
D. Medical records

43. A common mistake while conducting a cost-benefit analysis is
A. overestimating costs.
B. looking too far into the future.
C. including intangible costs.
D. accounting for as many costs as possible.

44. Which of the following statements best represents a business process redesign:
A. It is often cheap and quick to implement.
B. It does not interrupt workflow or lead to layoffs.
C. It improves efficiency by increasing costs.
D. It completely overhauls key business processes.

45. Alejandro is a risk-taker who wants to make all the decisions and feels comfortable controlling all aspects of his business. What form of business ownership should he choose?
A. Sole proprietorship
B. Hybrid
C. Corporation
D. Partnership

46. Which of the following are human resources professionals responsible for:
A. Selling products to customers
B. Marketing services digitally
C. Training and developing employees
D. Packaging and shipping products

47. Andrea is looking to take a step back from ownership of her restaurant. However, she would still like to be involved with the business. Which of the following would be the best option for Andrea:
A. Spend more time away from the restaurant
B. Open a competing restaurant
C. Delegate her tasks to others and micromanage
D. Sell the company to an employee

48. As Tim leaves his office building, he sees an advertisement for a local attorney on the side of a bus. On his drive home, he notices a billboard with an ad for a nearby restaurant, as well as a light-up sign promoting a basketball game. He also drove by two individuals holding signs promoting a deal for a cell phone store. Each of these is an example of what type of media?
A. Broadcast
B. Out-of-home
C. Social
D. Direct

49. Which of the following statements about direct writers in the insurance industry is true:
A. They are self-employed.
B. They work for an insurance company.
C. They sell policies of various insurance companies.
D. They work on behalf of the policy holder.

50. Which of the following is an example of a variable cost:
A. Office supplies
B. Property taxes
C. Employee benefits
D. Sales commissions
51. A company's board of directors provides accurate and clear information about its financial performance and conflicts of interest. This describes what principle of corporate governance?
A. Transparency
B. Fairness
C. Risk management
D. Accountability

52. If a business wants to develop an efficient operating system, its processes must be
A. easily accessible and unreplicable.
B. replicable and tough to access.
C. clear and documented.
D. complicated and supported by tools.

53. Which of the following is most likely to be included on a monthly to-do list:
A. Take morning medication and vitamins
B. Play in volleyball league every weekend in September
C. Attend regular Monday afternoon work meeting
D. Pay rent and utilities by the 30th

54. When conducting a SWOT analysis, what is the first thing a business should do?
A. Brainstorm its strengths
B. Consolidate its ideas
C. Summarize its opportunities
D. Select a SWOT facilitator

55. Which of the following is considered an internal control mechanism for a company:
A. Separation of duties
B. Industry standards
C. Government regulations
D. Union contracts

56. Which of the following statements about bylaws is true:
A. They are not influenced by the board of directors.
B. They are the governing rules by which a corporation operates.
C. They are also known as Articles of Incorporation.
D. Their governing rules are consistent from state to state.

57. Which of the following is a way in which entrepreneurs can identify new opportunities:
A. Talking with vendors, but not with customers
B. Focusing solely on their own ideas
C. Revising their operating budgets
D. Networking with other entrepreneurs

58. Which of the following statements about an employee performance review is true:
A. Managers should serve as judge and jury of an employee.
B. Performance and compensation conversations should be held at once.
C. The employee's behaviors and results should be the main focus.
D. Managers should inform employees of their review the day of.

59. Food manufacturers often provide recipes on their websites to explain the many ways their products can be used to prepare meals. This is an example of how promotion is used by companies to
A. inform.
B. remind.
C. socialize.
D. persuade.

60. A company that has a well-designed and organized workflow
A. has a good public image.
B. stays on top of market trends.
C. eliminates unexpected interruptions.
D. minimizes redundant tasks.

61. Which of the following is a benefit of good corporate governance:
A. It can keep investors in the dark about a company's direction.
B. It divides the interests of shareholders and management.
C. It promotes short-term financial viability and opportunity.
D. It creates transparent rules and controls.

62. Anna, a public relations manager, is informed that her company experienced a cyberattack that has led to a massive data leak. What is the first thing Anna should do in this situation to manage the crisis?
A. Take responsibility
B. React as soon as possible
C. Collect information
D. Answer media questions

63. Which of the following is an example of an administrative cost a startup may need to pay:
A. Trademarks
B. Marketing materials
C. Business permits
D. Software

64. If a business is looking to build strategic relationships, it should
A. tailor its communication.
B. focus on its own needs.
C. seek a deal as soon as possible.
D. avoid asking questions.

65. Which of the following is an example of an external risk a business may face:
A. Damaged equipment
B. Poor infrastructure
C. Economic trends
D. Employee performance

66. A business is looking to refocus on its organizational goals by improving its internal processes and company culture and analyzing its internal environment. What business analysis technique is the company using?
A. SWOT
B. MOST
C. PESTLE
D. CATWOE

67. One way a company can manage its stakeholder expectations is to
A. set lofty expectations.
B. manage each stakeholder the same.
C. understand stakeholder needs.
D. keep stakeholders out of the loop.

68. A business uses marketing research to determine its typical customer’s age, income, education, spending patterns, and social media use. This is an example of how marketing research can be used to
A. maintain a corporate brand.
B. forecast sales and trends.
C. develop consumer profiles.
D. analyze business sales.

69. Which of the following statements about capital resources is true:
A. They aid in the creation of products for a short period of time.
B. They include assets that are used in the production of goods.
C. Money in any form is considered a capital resource.
D. All assets are considered capital resources.

70. Which of the following statements about profitability ratios is true:
A. Lower profitability ratios indicate success at converting revenue to profit.
B. Higher profitability ratios are more favorable than lower ratios.
C. They include margin ratios but don't include return ratios.
D. They assess a company's past performance compared to its projected future performance.

71. Which of the following is a benefit of process thinking:
A. It helps with setting achievable short-term goals.
B. It leads to processes being continually re-examined.
C. It focuses on the bigger picture.
D. It turns small tasks into larger, more complex tasks.

72. Which of the following is a capital resource:
A. Gas for delivery trucks
B. Tax revenue
C. Desktop computers
D. Sales representatives

73. Marketers must consider when and from which businesses to buy the product when developing the __________ element of their marketing mix.
A. price
B. promotion
C. place
D. product

74. Convenience items like candy bars are most likely distributed via __________ distribution.
A. intensive
B. operative
C. selective
D. exclusive

75. Which of the following aims to regain product value when customers make returns:
A. Voluntary recall
B. Backwards forecasting
C. Reverse logistics
D. Diminishing returns

76. Which of the following statements about business records is true:
A. Security measures must be taken to protect business records.
B. Access to business records must be shared across a company.
C. Business records should never be destroyed.
D. All business records in the modern age are digital.

77. If a company wants to protect its symbol or design, which of the following protections for intellectual property should it consider:
A. Trade secret
B. Trademark
C. Patent
D. Copyright

78. Unemployment rates, investor confidence, and stages of the business cycle are __________ factors that businesses should pay attention to during an environmental scan.
A. demographic
B. economic
C. technological
D. societal

79. A factor related to social responsibility that keeps quality at the forefront of the modern business world is
A. retention strategies.
B. changing technology.
C. globalization.
D. environmental issues.

80. Which of the following is an example of customer service that a business can provide:
A. Free delivery
B. Limited returns
C. Emergency exits
D. Receipts

81. Which of the following is the final step one should take when conducting a feasibility study:
A. Perform a market analysis
B. Present study findings
C. Review your work carefully
D. Determine whether you should hire a professional

82. Which of the following is an advantage of business partnerships:
A. Increased competition
B. Unlimited liability
C. Unlimited capital
D. Reduced expenses

83. Which of the following items is most likely to be included in the company description section of a business plan:
A. The goods the business offers
B. The date the business opened
C. The founders and their functions
D. The company's mission statement

84. Which of the following is a reason for which a company can legally dismiss an employee:
A. Age
B. Misconduct
C. Religion
D. Retaliation

85. Rebates are different from coupons in that rebates typically
A. offer a discount at the time of a purchase.
B. offer a discount after a purchase is made.
C. are easier to use than coupons.
D. provide customers with immediate savings.

86. Which of the following is an internal factor influencing a business’s buying behavior:
A. Laws and regulations
B. Company structure
C. The economy
D. Competition

87. Under which of the following conditions should a business conduct a feasibility study:
A. If it wants to study a certain market
B. If it wants to understand its competitors
C. If it needs to fully understand a venture's risks and benefits
D. If it wants to identify its strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats

88. Marketers often use data to make sure customers are receiving the level of after-sales service they expect. This is an example of how marketing data can be used to
A. identify problems or issues.
B. make budgeting decisions.
C. make predictions or forecasts.
D. develop pricing strategies.

89. Arna regularly visits her dentist for a routine cleaning. In this scenario, Arna is the dentist’s
A. industrial user.
B. distribution channel.
C. producer.
D. ultimate consumer.

90. Which of the following could lead to a security issue in the workplace:
A. Using different passwords for work and personal accounts
B. Regularly updating the software on your computer
C. Clicking email links from an unrecognized email address
D. Checking personal social media accounts on your phone

91. What type of vertical marketing system places all elements of a distribution channel under the ownership of a single business?
A. Exclusive
B. Administered
C. Corporate
D. Contractual

92. Which of the following is a benefit of leasing a facility:
A. Equity in the property builds over time
B. Inability to collect passive income
C. Control of the property
D. Fixed monthly cost

93. Businesses often take out insurance policies against __________ risks.
A. speculative
B. tangible
C. intangible
D. pure

94. Which of the following is a disadvantage of enterprise risk management practices:
A. They only identify risks a company is not aware of.
B. They lead to more unexpected risks.
C. They increase redundant processes and employee satisfaction.
D. They rely heavily on management estimates and inputs.

95. Which of the following is an example of a location risk:
A. Employee injuries
B. Fires
C. Earthquakes
D. Power outages

96. A company divides its consumers on the basis of their lifestyles and personalities. This company is using __________ segmentation.
A. psychographic
B. geographic
C. demographic
D. behavioral

97. Conducting a breakeven analysis involves determining the point at which
A. total costs and total revenue are equal.
B. total revenue is higher than total costs.
C. total revenue and total costs are inversely proportional.
D. total costs are higher than total revenue.

98. When Camilla shows De’Vondre her new logo design, he exclaims, “Wow, this is amazing! I love the colors you chose!” However, De’Vondre actually thinks the colors clash and look terrible. In this situation, De’Vondre failed to
A. be timely.
B. be genuine.
C. be personalized.
D. match the effort.

99. Purchasing systems can help businesses
A. promote products.
B. increase social media engagement.
C. recruit employees.
D. maintain efficiency.

100. Before managing change, a company must
A. review performance.
B. define its approach.
C. transfer ownership.
D. sustain outcomes.

/////

1. C
It requires collateral. Secured business lines of credit require collateral, or anything of value belonging to the
borrower which is pledged to the lender to guarantee that the loan will be repaid. When securing a line of credit,
the lender places a lien on the collateral, meaning the lender has the legal right to take the borrower's asset if
they stop making payments. Secured business lines of credit are easier to get approved than unsecured loans.
Unsecured lines of credit don't require collateral, which makes it riskier for the lender. Because of this,
unsecured loans often come with higher interest rates.
SOURCE: FI:023 Explain the purposes and importance of obtaining business credit
SOURCE: Goff, K. (2023, December 5). Types of business lines of credit. Retrieved January 19, 2024, from
https://www.bankrate.com/loans/small-business/business-line-of-credit-types
2. A
Prioritizing customer feedback. Companies that are customer-focused have established cultures that aim to
meet all of their customers' needs and earn customer satisfaction. In addition, they aim to develop close
relationships with their customer base and create a customer-focused strategy. Companies create customerfocused strategies by prioritizing customer feedback, delivering personalized experiences, and enabling
employees to go above and beyond. In addition, customer-focused companies are proactive (not reactive) when
communicating company changes.
SOURCE: CR:008 Explain management's role in customer relations
SOURCE: Fontanella, C. (2023, July 20). How to build a customer-focused company, according to 10 people
who did. Retrieved January 11, 2024, from https://blog.hubspot.com/service/customer-focus
3. A
Focus on proving the accuracy of financial statements. An external audit looks at the accuracy of a company's
financial statements as well as any other practices that could confirm the truthfulness of budget statements.
Internal audits focus on a specific area of a company, measure current performance, and look for areas of
improvement. Internal audits are conducted by someone within the company on the company's behalf, while
external audits are usually conducted by a third party.
SOURCE: PD:214 Describe the components of a well-governed company (e.g., board of directors, reporting,
transparency, internal and external audit functions)
SOURCE: Caseware. (2023, July 27). Internal vs. external auditing. Retrieved January 8, 2024, from
https://www.caseware.com/us/resources/blog/internal-vs-external-auditing
4. B
Share a plan of action. A proposal is a document that details a plan of action, an idea, or a request for funding;
provides a solution to a problem; or suggests a change in operations. By writing proposals, business employees
are providing information to management that will help management make decisions. While they might write
proposals that deal with the grievance procedure, employees do not write proposals to air grievances.
Employees do not write proposals to request a raise; rather, they may write a proposal to request funding for a
project. Proposals are not intended to analyze a project's progress.
SOURCE: CO:062 Write proposals
SOURCE: Technical Writer HQ. (2024). What is proposal writing? Retrieved January 11, 2024, from
https://technicalwriterhq.com/writing/proposal-writing

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2024 HS ICDC

ENTREPRENEURSHIP EXAM—KEY

2

5. C
Everyone—from company leaders to low-level employees. Employees at every level of the business will have
valuable input for the SWOT analysis, so make sure to include everyone. And don’t forget to look outside your
business as well. Suppliers and customers have unique perspectives. However, competitors are unlikely to give
unbiased information about your business and therefore should probably not be asked to help with a SWOT
analysis.
SOURCE: MP:010 Conduct SWOT analysis for use in the marketing planning process
SOURCE: LAP-MP-010—Analyze This! (SWOT Analysis)
6. A
Gaining buy-in is an important aspect of change management. When a change occurs, it is important to get
everyone involved to buy into it. One way to do this is to tell people how the change will benefit them, as the
company’s leadership is doing in this scenario. Change management generally does require a leader to be
successful. Changes do not only impact people at the top of a company; they usually impact many or most of
the people at a company. Change can negatively affect a company if not managed well, but that is not
illustrated in this example.
SOURCE: SM:095 Explain the nature of change management
SOURCE: Kempton, L. (2023, December 20). Change management process. Retrieved January 11, 2024, from
https://www.prosci.com/blog/change-management-process
7. C
It is cost effective. Direct marketing refers to forms of advertising that seek a specific, measurable action from a
targeted group of consumers, using direct mail, telemarketing, emails, etc., that are sent directly to a
consumer’s home or business. Direct marketing is cost effective, as it allows companies to target their audience
in a specific way and reach them directly while not having to pay a retailer a percentage of sales. Another
advantage of direct marketing is that it allows companies to include a personal touch in their marketing, as they
can control their interactions more effectively. A disadvantage of direct marketing is that it can lead to consumer
overload. Another disadvantage is that it must conform to legal regulations, as regulations change often and
businesses that don't adhere to changes can face stiff penalties and fines.
SOURCE: PR:089 Explain the nature of direct marketing channels
SOURCE: Leonard, K. (2019, March 5). The advantages & disadvantages of direct marketing & telemarketing.
Retrieved January 10, 2024, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/advantages-disadvantagesdirect-marketing-telemarketing-54933.html
8. C
Word-of-mouth. Word-of-mouth marketing is the promotion and publicity for a business provided by customers
who tell others of their satisfaction with the business. Because Amy talks about how much she likes the phone
case to her friends, family, and co-workers, this is an example of word-of-mouth marketing. Guerrilla marketing
refers to promotional techniques that are unconventional, low-cost, and aim to attract consumers’ attention.
Grassroots marketing is the process of increasing interest in a product, brand, or idea with the use of a targeted
and highly specific audience. Cause marketing involves a collaboration between a nonprofit organization and a
for-profit business for a common benefit.
SOURCE: PR:247 Describe word-of-mouth channels used to communicate with targeted audiences
SOURCE: Hayes, A. (2022, August 23). Word-of-mouth marketing: Meaning and uses in business. Retrieved
January 9, 2024, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/w/word-of-mouth-marketing.asp

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2024 HS ICDC

ENTREPRENEURSHIP EXAM—KEY

3

9. A
Press release. A press release is a written official statement delivered to the media to provide information and
make a public announcement. In this scenario, Wes is releasing a press release about his company's new
product. Newsletters are messages that provide information of interest to particular groups; they are more
informal than press releases. People who receive newsletters are people who have opted to receive them. A
blog refers to a website where individuals or organizations share thoughts, ideas, experiences, or information
on a regular basis. Social media marketing is the use of social media platforms (such as Facebook and
Instagram) to connect with consumers and achieve marketing goals.
SOURCE: PR:250 Explain communications channels used in public-relations activities
SOURCE: IPR.org.uk. (2023). PR tools and techniques. Retrieved January 10, 2024, from
https://www.ipr.org.uk/pr-tools-and-techniques.html
10. C
Supply and demand. Factors affecting selling price vary from business to business. Common factors include
supply and demand, economic conditions, competition, and costs. Supply and demand are determined by what
people want and can afford. For example, when consumer demand for a product increases, producers make
more of it, the supply increases, and the selling price goes down. Economic conditions, competition, and costs
are all factors affecting selling price, but they are not necessarily determined by what people want and can
afford.
SOURCE: PI:002 Explain factors affecting pricing decisions
SOURCE: LAP-PI-902—Make Cents (Factors Affecting Selling Price)
11. D
Because it offers customers complementary products. A business may expand its product mix by adding
additional product items or lines. There are a number of reasons why a business may choose an expansion
product-mix strategy, including to offer customers complementary products. For example, the Apple Store offers
a variety of accessories to go along with its iPhone, including cases, screen covers, and chargers. A company
might remove a product from its product mix (contraction) because it has lost appeal to customers. A company
may choose to alter the products in its product mix to help limit production costs, as altering existing products is
less expensive than developing a new product. Attracting a new target market is a reason why companies might
use a trading-up strategy.
SOURCE: PM:003 Explain the concept of product mix
SOURCE: LAP-PM-003—Mix and Match (The Nature of the Product Mix)
12. B
Celebrating together. Celebrating is an important part of team recognition. You probably recall a time when you
and a team or group celebrated your success together. Maybe your baseball team had an end-of-season party,
or your math class held an end-of-semester celebration. Celebrating together usually means planning an
activity everyone can enjoy while taking a moment to reflect on the team’s goals and accomplishments. Going
public, giving certificates, and written praise are all forms of recognition, but celebrating together is the most
important for team recognition.
SOURCE: EI:014 Recognize/Reward others for their efforts and contributions
SOURCE: LAP-EI-141—Gimme Five! (Recognizing/Rewarding Others)

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2024 HS ICDC

ENTREPRENEURSHIP EXAM—KEY

4

13. B
What makes you a strong candidate for this job? When interviewing a job candidate, employers should focus on
the candidate's experience, qualifications, education, and skills rather than their personal life. Asking a
candidate why they believe they are a strong candidate for a job focuses on the candidate’s experience and
qualifications. It is inappropriate and illegal to ask about a candidate's age, marital or family status, citizenship,
medical information, race or ethnicity, gender, religion, disability, height, and weight.
SOURCE: HR:355 Interview job applicants
SOURCE: Heathfield, S.M. (2022, September 19). Illegal job interview questions. Retrieved January 11, 2024,
from https://www.thebalancemoney.com/job-interview-questions-that-are-illegal-1918488
14. A
Bring in the right people. One way an entrepreneur can adapt to a changing business environment is to bring in
the right people to support them. Entrepreneurs can't do everything by themselves, so it is important they hire
talented individuals that can help lighten their workload while also pushing the company forward. It is important
for businesses to be proactive rather than reactive when it comes to change. Businesses can be proactive by
planning ahead, watching market trends, seeking out information, and asking for help. Rather than accepting
advice from everyone and anyone, entrepreneurs should be cautious about who they're getting advice from and
should only seek advice from the right people. Entrepreneurs should view challenges as opportunities for
growth or puzzles to solve rather than obstacles. Reframing challenges in this way can make it more
manageable for entrepreneurs and their team when adapting to change.
SOURCE: EN:033 Adapt to changes in business environment
SOURCE: Prossack, A. (2022, January 28). How to adapt and thrive in a changing business environment.
Retrieved January 16, 2024, from https://www.forbes.com/sites/ashiraprossack1/2022/01/28/how-toadapt-and-thrive-in-a-changing-business-environment
15. D
Reduce; maximize. Harvesting is a strategy in which a company continues to offer a declining product but
reduces its costs as much as possible. Therefore, businesses that use a harvest strategy reduce spending on
an established, yet declining, product to maximize profits. Harvesting is typically used toward the end of a
product's life cycle when it is deemed that further investment will not boost the product's revenue. It is also used
on outdated products while profits are reinvested into newer models or technologies.
SOURCE: EN:035 Describe methods of venture harvesting
SOURCE: Kenton, W. (2021, February 24). Harvest strategy definition in marketing and investing. Retrieved
January 16, 2024, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/h/harvest-strategy.asp
16. A
Planning. Planning is the management function of deciding what will be done and how it will be accomplished.
In this scenario, Mary is planning because she is deciding what work will be done, determining how it will be
accomplished, and laying the groundwork for all of the other management functions. Organizing is the
management function of setting up the way the business's work will be done. Staffing is the management
function of finding workers for the business. Directing is the management function of providing guidance to
workers and work projects to achieve goals.
SOURCE: SM:001 Explain the concept of management
SOURCE: LAP-SM-001—Manage This! (Concept of Management)

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2024 HS ICDC

ENTREPRENEURSHIP EXAM—KEY

5

17. C
Determine the purpose. A market analysis is a systematic study of a specific market. Companies typically
conduct market analysis to determine their target market, understand customers' buying habits, and consider
their competition, among other reasons. When conducting a market analysis, the first step a business should
take is to determine the purpose of the study. Before starting any market research, it is important for businesses
to decide on the purpose of their study and whether it is for internal or external purposes. Once companies do
this, then they can look at industry standards, pinpoint target customers, consider their competition, etc. One of
the final steps of a market analysis is to put it into action.
SOURCE: MP:009 Conduct market analysis (market size, area, potential, etc.)
SOURCE: Kappel, M. (2022, October 21). How to conduct a market analysis the right way. Retrieved January
8, 2024, from https://www.patriotsoftware.com/blog/accounting/how-to-conduct-a-market-analysis
18. C
Additional help. It is important for startup businesses to understand the advantages and disadvantages that
come with bringing on a new employee. One advantage of hiring a new employee is that they provide additional
help, which can allow the startup to better divvy up its workload and increase efficiency. Increased profits and
happier customers are not necessarily a result or advantage of hiring a new employee. Onboarding and training
are advantages for a new employee at a startup, as they educate the employee and get them up to speed on
job duties and how the company operates. However, onboarding and training could be a disadvantage for a
startup due to the time commitment.
SOURCE: EN:017 Explain factors to consider in determining a venture's human-resources needs
SOURCE: Boitnott, J. (2018, April 24). 5 signs it's time to hire your first employee. Retrieved January 16, 2024,
from https://www.inc.com/john-boitnott/5-signs-its-time-to-hire-your-first-employee.html
19. D
It is a planned communication. Planned communication means spending time learning about your product and
figuring out what makes your customers tick. That way, you know how to demonstrate your products’ features in
a way that speaks to your particular customers’ needs. The time Bradley has spent studying his company’s
products represents this planning. Selling should enhance future business opportunities, be personalized, and
take place to influence purchase decisions, but these aspects are not illustrated by Bradley in this situation.
SOURCE: SE:017 Explain the nature and scope of the selling function
SOURCE: LAP-SE-017—Sell Away (The Nature and Scope of Selling)
20. D
Do-Not-Call registries and ad-blocking software. Do-Not-Call registries and ad-blocking software are both
common ways in which people use technology to block advertisers. Spam email filters and premium digital radio
or streaming services are also ways consumers can do so. Although DVRs allow you to fast-forward through
commercials, they do not fall into this category because you still see the advertisement at a high speed while
trying to get back to your show. While watching shows online can be a way to avoid advertisements, most
streaming services or websites have advertisements during commercial breaks or on their websites.
SOURCE: PR:007 Explain types of advertising media
SOURCE: LAP-PR-007—Ad-quipping Your Business (Types of Advertising Media)

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2024 HS ICDC

ENTREPRENEURSHIP EXAM—KEY

6

21. D
Vision statement. A vision statement is a summary of what a business owner wants a business to become,
while a mission statement is a summary of what the owner wants a business to be doing. Because Ahmed’s
goals are articulated as future accomplishments (what the company wants to become), the sign is an example
of a vision statement. Touchpoints are the many ways a business interacts with customers. The sign is visible to
employees, but not necessarily to customers. A domain name is a business’ web address.
SOURCE: PM:126 Build corporate brands
SOURCE: LAP-PM-126—Build Your Corporate Brand…Before Someone Builds It for You (The How-To’s of
Corporate Branding)
22. A
It helps businesses be proactive, not reactive. A risk is the possibility of loss (failure) or gain (success). Risk
management involves the planning, controlling, preventing, and limiting of business losses, as well as
enhancing possibilities for gain. Risk management helps a business be proactive (not reactive) in facing risk,
and it reduces (not increases) uncertainty about the future. All business risks are either pure or speculative.
Pure risks bring the possibility of loss or no loss, but no gain. Speculative risks bring the possibility of loss, no
change, or gain.
SOURCE: SM:075 Explain the nature of risk management
SOURCE: LAP-SM-075—Prepare for the Worst; Expect the Best (Nature of Risk Management)
23. D
Returning. There are five essential functions of supply chain management (SCM): planning, sourcing, making,
delivering, and returning. It may not be a business function that you think of often, but returning is a vital
element of supply chain management. SCM seeks to create a seamless path of products back through a supply
chain, from customers to distributors, manufacturers, or even suppliers. This is called reverse logistics. The
returning function is unique because it serves a slightly different purpose than planning, sourcing, making, and
delivering. Supply chain management’s ultimate goal is to meet customer demand, but the goal of returning—or
reverse logistics—is to regain product value. Networking, optimizing, and recruiting are not essential functions
of SCM.
SOURCE: OP:303 Discuss the nature of supply chain management
SOURCE: LAP-OP-303—Top of the (Supply) Chain (Nature of Supply Chain Management)
24. B
Regulatory changes. There are many factors that influence management decisions. New legislation is an
example of a regulatory change that can significantly impact a manager’s decision-making. Structural
transformations, economic factors, and competition in the industry are also influential factors, but they are not
demonstrated in this example.
SOURCE: SM:028 Describe factors that influence management
SOURCE: Cole-Ingait, P. (2019, April 26). Factors influencing changes in strategic management. Retrieved
January 11, 2024, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/factors-influencing-changes-strategicmanagement-70223.html

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2024 HS ICDC

ENTREPRENEURSHIP EXAM—KEY

7

25. B
Realistic and competitive. No single factor makes an effective price. Marketers must keep a number of
characteristics in mind when setting effective prices. These include being realistic, flexible, and competitive.
Customers associate price with quality—if the price is high, the quality is high; if the price is low, the quality is
low. So, businesses must set prices that are realistic to customers—neither too high nor too low. Because
pricing is a tug-of-war and a constant quest for balance, businesses must be willing to adjust their prices as
necessary, being flexible—not rigid. Additionally, when a similar product is offered by competitors, a business
needs to be aware of the prices others are charging. If not, the business will probably lose customers because
its prices are not competitive. Effective prices are not always popular.
SOURCE: PI:001 Explain the nature and scope of the pricing function
SOURCE: LAP-PI-001—The Price Is Right (Nature of Pricing)
26. B
Commercial loan. A commercial loan is a debt-based funding agreement between a financial institution (such as
a bank) and a business. Commercial loans often require collateral from the borrower, or anything of value
belonging to the borrower which is pledged to the lender to guarantee that the loan will be repaid. Because
Jonathan provided collateral and promised to pay back the money, he most likely received a commercial loan.
Personal seed money is money from the business owner or owners. Angel investors and venture capitalists
both provide startup money to a new business in exchange for ownership equity in the company. There is no
indication that Jonathan used some of his own money or received money from an angel investor or venture
capitalist.
SOURCE: FI:043 Determine financing needed for business operations
SOURCE: Ejim, E. (2024, January 1). What are the different types of small business capital? Retrieved January
18, 2024, from https://www.wise-geek.com/what-are-the-different-types-of-small-businesscapital.htm
27. A
Regularly update their computers and software. To protect its social media accounts from being hacked, a
company should make sure employees regularly update their computers and software. Software and systems
are constantly improving, so keeping up to date on updates can protect the company from bugs, vulnerabilities,
or hackers. Employees should not use the same password across different accounts. They should avoid using
public Wi-Fi networks and use private or secured networks. An employee with authorized access is often
required to post digital content on behalf of their company.
SOURCE: OP:473 Evaluate strategies for protecting business' digital assets (e.g., website, social media, email,
etc.), customer data, and other protected information
SOURCE: LinkedIn. (2023). What are the best ways to protect your digital assets? Retrieved January 9, 2024,
from https://www.linkedin.com/advice/0/what-best-ways-protect-your-digital-assets-skills-digitalstrategy
28. D
Fixed budget. A fixed budget may also be referred to as a static budget or a master budget. The most notable
feature of a fixed budget is that it does not change. In other words, managers use it as a guideline, but they
don’t adjust it as the budget period goes along. It can be used to measure profit or performance when it’s
compared to what’s actually happening financially. A flexible budget also goes by the name variable budget or
dynamic budget. This budget can be adjusted with changes in activity and used to compare to the fixed budget
to see how the company is doing.
SOURCE: FI:099 Develop company's/department's budget
SOURCE: LAP-FI-099—Build Your Game Plan (Developing a Company/Department Budget)

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2024 HS ICDC

ENTREPRENEURSHIP EXAM—KEY

8

29. A
Excessive exposure to loud noise. Excessive exposure to loud noise is a potential safety issue in the workplace,
as it can lead to hearing impairments or other health problems. It is important for employees who are exposed
to loud noises to wear protective equipment. Unplugging a laptop when it is fully charged, turning on the air
conditioner on a hot day, and parking in a nearly full parking lot would not necessarily lead to safety issues in
the workplace.
SOURCE: OP:151 Identify potential safety issues
SOURCE: United States Department of Labor. (n.d.). Hazard identification and assessment. Retrieved January
19, 2024, from https://www.osha.gov/safety-management/hazard-Identification
30. A
Determine the market segments their competitors serve. A competitive analysis is the process of researching a
competitor to gain insights into their products, sales, marketing strategies, and more. When conducting a
competitive analysis, businesses should determine the market segments their competitors serve, learn about
the benefits their competitors offer, understand why customers buy from them, and glean as much information
as possible about their products, services, promotion, and prices. When conducting a competitive analysis,
businesses should visit their competitor's website and storefront to better learn about their competition and what
they have to offer. Businesses should not mainly focus on weaknesses of their competition when conducting a
competitive analysis.
SOURCE: MP:012 Conduct competitive analysis
SOURCE: Ward, S. (2018, December 22). How to write the competitor analysis section of the business plan.
Retrieved January 8, 2024, from https://www.thebalancemoney.com/how-to-write-the-competitiveanalysis-section-of-the-business-plan-2947025
31. A
Income. Income tax refers to a portion of an individual's or business's earnings owed to the government. Simply
put, businesses must pay income taxes on the profits they make, just as individuals are required to do. Because
the ABCD Corporation pays taxes on the profits it makes, this refers to income tax. Payroll tax is a tax on
employment that is paid by both employers and employees, and it is used to fund Social Security and Medicare
in the United States. Excise tax is an indirect tax charged on specific goods, such as gasoline and alcohol.
Property tax is a tax based on a percentage of the value of the property owned, and most often applies to real
estate.
SOURCE: EC:072 Describe the nature of taxes
SOURCE: LAP-EC-072—Pay Your Share (Business Taxes)
32. C
Operational. Enterprise risk management (ERM) is an organization-wide strategy to identify, assess, and
prepare for potential dangers and hazards that may harm or interfere with an organization's finances,
operations, and objectives. ERM addresses several types of risk, including operational, security, strategic, legal,
financial, and compliance risk. This scenario is an example of operational risk, which threatens the day-to-day
activities required for a company to operate. Security risk threatens a company's physical or digital assets, such
as inadequate controls over sensitive customer information stored on network servers. Strategic risk threatens a
company's long-term plan. Legal risk threatens a company if it faces a lawsuit or penalty of any sort.
SOURCE: RM:062 Discuss the nature of enterprise risk management (ERM)
SOURCE: Hayes, A. (2022, September 7). Enterprise risk management (ERM): What is it and how it works.
Retrieved January 10, 2024, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/e/enterprise-riskmanagement.asp

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2024 HS ICDC

ENTREPRENEURSHIP EXAM—KEY

9

33. A
Startup. Businesses go through life cycles, which includes everything from their creation to their decline. The
startup stage is characterized by research and development, including determining the type of business, how
the company will be run, what products or services it intends to sell, etc. Developing a business model is key
during the startup stage. The growth stage is where companies distinguish themselves from their competition,
as owners look to grow and expand. The maturity stage is when the company is established in the market with
a strong management team, and sees consistent annual growth. The decline stage is when the company sees
consistent drops in revenue.
SOURCE: FI:339 Describe the financial needs of a business at different stages of its development
SOURCE: Hargrave, M. (2022, December 27). Life cycle: Definition in business, types, and examples.
Retrieved January 8, 2024, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/l/lifecycle.asp
34. A
Long-lasting. Learning is the process of being exposed to new concepts and skills; knowledge is the information
that is internalized and mastered through learning. Learning does not always lead to knowledge—much of what
we learn is forgotten. In this way, learning—not knowledge—is fleeting. Gaining knowledge is a more long-term,
internal process because it involves mastering a certain concept or skill. Learning is more attainable than
knowledge because learning involves the exposure to new concepts or skills.
SOURCE: SM:094 Describe relationship among innovation, learning, and change
SOURCE: Chron. (2021, May 25). Innovation and change in business. Retrieved January 10, 2024, from
https://smallbusiness.chron.com/innovation-change-business-1501.html
35. D
Better product availability. Effective supply chains benefit customers, profitability, and business operations.
Better product availability—along with lower prices, fewer product returns, and greater customer satisfaction—
are ways in which effective supply chains benefit customers. Increased cash flow and higher profits are ways in
which effective supply chains benefit business profitability. Heightened transparency is a way in which effective
supply chains benefit business operations.
SOURCE: OP:477 Explain the impact of supply chains on business performance
SOURCE: LAP-OP-477—Chain Reaction (Impact of Supply Chains on Business Performance)
36. C
Capacity. The five Cs of credit (character, capacity, capital, collateral, conditions) are used to determine the
creditworthiness of potential borrowers. Capacity refers to the applicant's ability to repay a loan, which is
determined by comparing their income against recurring debts and assessing their debt-to-income ratio.
Because Brian was not able to demonstrate his ability to repay the loan, this situation describes capacity.
Conditions can include the purpose of the loan, the applicant's job stability, the amount of money involved,
interest rates, etc. Collateral is anything of value belonging to the borrower which is pledged to the lender to
guarantee that the loan will be repaid. Character refers to the applicant's credit history.
SOURCE: FI:034 Explain loan evaluation criteria used by lending institutions
SOURCE: Segal, T. (2023, December 15). 5 Cs of credit: What they are, how they're used, and which is most
important. Retrieved January 19, 2024, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/f/five-c-credit.asp

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2024 HS ICDC

ENTREPRENEURSHIP EXAM—KEY

10

37. B
It is more precise than mass marketing. Segment marketing is the classification of customers into similar groups
to appeal to one or more individual segment(s). Segment marketing works because finding out what customers
need—and meeting that need—is at the heart of the marketing concept. Plus, when it comes to determining
customers’ needs, segment marketing is more precise than mass marketing—designing products and directing
marketing activities to appeal to the whole market. A disadvantage of segment marketing is that it takes more
resources to pull it off successfully. Another disadvantage is that the product is usually more complex,
potentially making it more difficult to produce—and requiring more creativity during design and more money
during production. Mass marketing communicates a broad message to a large audience, not segment
marketing.
SOURCE: MP:003 Explain the concept of market and market identification
SOURCE: LAP-MP-003—Have We Met? (Market Identification)
38. C
Technology. Business process design (BPD) refers to the creation of new processes or workflows from scratch
to achieve a company's goals. There are several factors that can impact BPD, such as technology. For
example, the cost of needed software or hardware can impact BPD. In this scenario, the company's machinery
often breaks down and is time-consuming to fix, which negatively impacts the company's process design. This
is not an example of how human factors, the regulatory environment, or customer demand affect process
design.
SOURCE: OP:475 Describe the factors that influence business process design
SOURCE: Taylor, H. (2017, September 26). Factors that affect process design. Retrieved January 9, 2024,
from https://bizfluent.com/list-7444011-factors-affect-process-design.html
39. B
Borrowing money from family or friends is a common way for startups to obtain capital. Many startups receive
funding from the owner's family members or friends. This is common because family members or friends are
much less likely to ask for tax returns, bank statements, and other documents lenders may require. It is much
more difficult for startups to receive funding than established businesses, not the other way around. It is
common for startup owners to invest some of their own money into their business. Government grants are a
great way for startups to receive funding, as there are several federal grant opportunities for small businesses.
SOURCE: EN:016 Select sources to finance venture creation/start-up
SOURCE: Arora, R. (2023, August 31). How to finance a startup business. Retrieved January 12, 2024, from
https://www.forbes.com/sites/rohitarora/2023/08/31/how-to-fund-a-startup
40. B
Product differentiation. A unique selling proposition (USP) is an attribute of your product or brand that separates
your business from competitors. Marketers use USPs as part of their overall positioning and product
differentiation strategies, which make a product appear different from similar products on the market. For
example, Amazon’s two-day shipping promise has set it apart from other e-commerce sites and has made it
one of the most successful companies in the world. Bundling is a marketing strategy that involves offering
several products for sale as one combined product. Relationship marketing is a strategy in which businesses
spend time with current and prospective clients outside the office setting to enhance the partnership. Trading up
is a product-mix strategy in which a business adds a higher priced product or product line to its product mix.
Relationship marketing, trading up, and bundling are not necessarily related to USPs.
SOURCE: PM:272 Identify company's unique selling proposition
SOURCE: LAP-PM-272—Stand Out (Unique Selling Proposition)

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2024 HS ICDC

ENTREPRENEURSHIP EXAM—KEY

11

41. C
Read industry trade journals. If a business wants to stay up to date with business and market trends, it should
read industry trade journals. A trade journal is an industry-specific publication that serves as a valuable
resource for professionals to stay up to date on trends within their field. Reviewing its sales history, hiring more
employees, and altering its product mix are not ways in which businesses can stay up to date with business and
market trends.
SOURCE: EN:003 Assess global trends and opportunities for business ventures
SOURCE: Howarth, J. (2023, December 12). 8 top entrepreneurship trends (2024-2026). Retrieved January 12,
2024, from https://explodingtopics.com/blog/entrepreneurship-trends
42. A
Driver's license. When creating a loan application package, it is important to gather your personal and financial
information. This includes a proof of your identity, which is typically a driver's license or a non-driver ID like a
passport or birth certificate. While a loan officer may ask if you are married, they typically do not require you to
include a marriage license. Medical records are not a typical component of a loan application package.
Although including pay stubs and W-2 forms are an important part of a loan application package, it is not
required to include a job description.
SOURCE: FI:033 Complete loan application package
SOURCE: Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. (n.d.). Create a loan application packet. Retrieved January
19, 2024, from https://www.consumerfinance.gov/owning-a-home/prepare/create-a-loan-applicationpacket
43. B
Looking too far into the future. It’s a mistake to create a cost-benefit analysis that runs too far into the future.
Think shorter-term. A reliable cost-benefit analysis will predict no more than six to eight years of results at the
most. Overestimating costs is likely a good way to understand where finances may fall in a worst-case scenario
and can be useful. Putting a price on intangible costs can also help with planning and is useful. Accounting for
as many costs as possible is also more helpful in a cost-benefit analysis, as it is supposed to be
comprehensive.
SOURCE: FI:357 Describe the nature of cost-benefit analysis
SOURCE: LAP-FI-357—Running the Numbers (Cost-Benefit Analysis)
44. D
It completely overhauls key business processes. Business process redesign (BPR) is a complete overhaul of a
company's key business processes with the goal of improving key performance measures such as cost
reduction and return on investment. A BPR aims to improve efficiency by reducing costs. BPRs may be
expensive and time-consuming to implement. BPRs also can lead to layoffs and disrupt workflow.
SOURCE: OP:476 Explain the causes of business process changes
SOURCE: Hayes, A. (2022, December 26). Business process redesign (BPR): Definition, process, and
purpose. Retrieved January 9, 2024, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/b/business-processredesign.asp
45. A
Sole proprietorship. Alejandro is a risk-taker who has a high level of independence and control, which means
sole proprietorship would be a good option for business ownership. A sole proprietorship experiences higher
risks because they have unlimited liability. If he did not feel comfortable making all the decisions, desired input
from others, and was not a risk-taker, partnerships, hybrids, or corporations might serve him better.
SOURCE: BL:006 Select form of business ownership
SOURCE: LAP-BL-006—Taking Care of Business (Selecting Forms of Business Ownership)

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2024 HS ICDC

ENTREPRENEURSHIP EXAM—KEY

12

46. C
Training and developing employees. Human resources management focuses on staffing activities, including
planning, recruitment, selection, orientation, training, developing, performance appraisal, compensation, and
safety of employees. By training and developing employees, human resources professionals are contributing to
business priorities and goals. Packaging and shipping products, selling products to customers, and marketing
services digitally are not responsibilities of human resources professionals.
SOURCE: HR:508 Coordinate human, capital, and fiscal resources to meet business priorities
SOURCE: Scott, S. (n.d.). Role of HR in achieving business goals. Retrieved January 19, 2024, from
https://smallbusiness.chron.com/role-hr-achieving-business-goals-1767.html
47. D
Sell the company to an employee. If Andrea wants to take a step back from ownership but still wants to be
involved with the restaurant, her best option would be to sell the company to an employee. This is known as an
internal exit, or when the business owner sells the organization to an employee. This will allow Andrea to
remain involved when the restaurant is sold and steadily transition into a new role with the restaurant. Opening
a competing restaurant will not necessarily allow Andrea to take a step back while also staying involved with her
current restaurant. Spending more time away from the restaurant would prevent Andrea from staying involved.
While delegating her tasks and responsibilities to others is a great way for Andrea to take a step back from
ownership, micromanaging the employees or new ownership is not a viable way to stay involved.
SOURCE: EN:036 Evaluate options for continued venture involvement
SOURCE: Half, R. (2022, Nov. 10). Smooth transition: What happens when a business owner wants to step
back? Retrieved January 16, 2024, from https://www.roberthalf.com/gb/en/insights/research/smoothtransition-what-happens-when-business-owner-wants-step-back
48. B
Out-of-home. Out-of-home media are promotional messages that are delivered to consumers when they are
away from home. An advertisement on the side of a bus, a billboard, a light-up sign, and people holding signs
are all examples of out-of-home media because Tim saw them when he was away from home. Social media are
forms of electronic communications through which users build communities, network, share information, etc.,
such as Facebook, Twitter (now X), or Instagram. Direct mail is a type of advertising media that is different than
out-of-home media. Direct mail is a promotional medium that comes to customers’ homes and businesses in the
form of letters, catalogs, postcards, faxes, folders, and emails. Broadcast media is also a type of advertising
media and is made up of television and radio. None of the examples Tim saw were on TV or the radio.
SOURCE: PR:007 Explain types of advertising media
SOURCE: LAP-PR-007—Ad-quipping Your Business (Types of Advertising Media)
49. B
They work for an insurance company. A direct writer is an insurance agent that is employed by a specific
company to issue its policies. Direct writers work for an insurance company, whereas independent agents are
self-employed and make commissions from selling policies of various insurance companies. Independent
agents work on behalf of the policyholder, rather than an insurance company.
SOURCE: FI:082 Obtain insurance coverage
SOURCE: Liberto, D. (2021, July 29). Direct writer: What it is, how it works, benefits. Retrieved January 18,
2024, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/d/direct-writer.asp

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2024 HS ICDC

ENTREPRENEURSHIP EXAM—KEY

13

50. D
Sales commissions. Operating costs are the ongoing, day-to-day expenses of running a business that are not
directly related to production. Operating costs that fluctuate with changes in production (e.g., sales
commissions) are called variable costs. When a company produces more of a product, variable expenses go
up. When a company produces less of a product, variable expenses go down. Operating costs that do not
increase or decrease with changes in production are called fixed costs (or fixed expenses). In other words,
these are the expenses that must be paid no matter what. Examples of fixed expenses include employee
benefits, property taxes, and office supplies and equipment.
SOURCE: OP:024 Explain the nature of overhead/operating costs
SOURCE: LAP-OP-024—Watch Your (Over) Head (Overhead/Operating Costs)
51. A
Transparency. Corporate governance refers to the system of rules, policies, and processes by which a
company is controlled and directed. There are many principles a company may use in their corporate
governance models, and one of the most common ones is transparency—the quality of being just as one seems
and being open and truthful. In this scenario, the board of directors is demonstrating transparency by providing
accurate and clear information about its financial performance and conflicts of interest. This scenario does not
demonstrate fairness—treating shareholders, employees, etc. fairly and with equal consideration. This scenario
does not describe accountability—accepting responsibility for actions and decisions, as well as the results of
them. This scenario does not demonstrate risk management—determining all risks and deciding how to best
control them.
SOURCE: PD:302 Identify the factors that impact governance structures
SOURCE: Chen, J. (2023, October 31). Corporate governance: Definition, principles, models, and examples.
Retrieved January 8, 2024, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/corporategovernance.asp
52. C
Clear and documented. A business operating system refers to a company's unique way of doing things, often in
the form of a company guidebook that details the what, when, why, and how regarding company policies. This
can include how it operates, deals with customers, works in the market, etc. If a business wants to develop an
efficient operating system, its processes must be clear, documented, replicable, supported by tools, and easily
accessible. Efficient operating systems are not tough to access, complicated, or unreplicable.
SOURCE: OP:022 Establish efficient operating systems
SOURCE: Colan, L. (2015, July 1). How to successfully build a business operating system for your company.
Retrieved January 22, 2024, from https://www.inc.com/lee-colan/building-your-business-operatingsystem.html
53. D
Pay rent and utilities by the 30th. A to-do list is a list of activities that an individual plans to accomplish during a
certain period of time. Paying rent and utilities is an example of something that would be included on a monthly
to-do list because it is done once a month. Taking morning medication and vitamins is an example of something
that would be included on a daily to-do list, because it needs to occur each day. Attending a regular Monday
afternoon work meeting is something that would be included on a weekly to-do list. While the volleyball league
occurs over the course of a month, there are games each weekend and therefore would more likely be on a
weekly to-do list.
SOURCE: PD:019 Use time-management skills
SOURCE: LAP-PD-019—About Time (Time Management)

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2024 HS ICDC

ENTREPRENEURSHIP EXAM—KEY

14

54. D
Select a SWOT facilitator. A SWOT analysis investigates a business’s strengths, weaknesses, opportunities,
and threats in an organized fashion. This type of analysis is important for businesses because it allows them to
focus on specific areas, while also identifying actions that can help build on strengths, minimize weaknesses,
maximize opportunities, and confront threats. One of the first things businesses should do when conducting a
SWOT analysis is to select a SWOT facilitator. It is often helpful for companies to use an independent facilitator
to free up the company's manager, team leader, or project leader to fully participate and not influence the input
from others. Once a SWOT facilitator is selected, the business can go forth with brainstorming strengths,
consolidating its ideas, identifying its strengths, and summarizing its strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and
threats.
SOURCE: SM:010 Conduct an organizational SWOT
SOURCE: McCarthy, D. (2019, November 13). How to conduct a SWOT analysis. Retrieved January 22, 2024,
from https://www.thebalancemoney.com/how-to-conduct-a-swot-analysis-2275929
55. A
Separation of duties. Internal controls are accounting and auditing processes used by a company to ensure
proper financial reporting, prevent fraud, and make sure the company is complying with laws and regulations.
Separation of duties is a common internal control a company may use, as it ensures no single individual is in
charge of authorizing and recording a financial transaction. Union contracts, government regulations, and
industry standards are examples of external controls—any influence from outside a company that impacts how
it operates.
SOURCE: PD:214 Describe the components of a well-governed company (e.g., board of directors, reporting,
transparency, internal and external audit functions)
SOURCE: Kenton, W. (2024, January 17). Internal controls: Definition, types, and importance. Retrieved
February 2, 2024, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/i/internalcontrols.asp
56. B
They are the governing rules by which a corporation operates. Bylaws refer to the governing rules by which a
corporation operates. When a corporation is formed, the board of directors determines the bylaws by creating a
single document encompassing all the rules. Bylaws can also be put in place by a society to regulate its citizens
and maintain civility. To that end, the governing rules established by bylaws may vary, as corporations are
regulated by states. Articles of Incorporation are different than bylaws. Articles of Incorporation are filed to
establish a corporation, whereas bylaws are created by a board of directors after a company is formed.
SOURCE: PD:302 Identify the factors that impact governance structures
SOURCE: Murray, J. (2020, June 30). What are bylaws? Retrieved January 8, 2024, from
https://www.thebalancemoney.com/what-are-bylaws-for-a-corporation-398148
57. D
Networking with other entrepreneurs. An opportunity is a circumstance that presents itself as a favorable means
to meet an objective. Entrepreneurs can identify new business opportunities by networking with other
entrepreneurs, friends, and business associates; attending trade shows; and keeping up to date with trends.
Another way entrepreneurs can identify new opportunities is by talking with both vendors and customers.
Rather than focusing solely on their own ideas, entrepreneurs should conduct market research, welcome
customer feedback, and listen to ideas from employees. Opportunities can often present themselves at any
time, but they usually don't happen while doing tasks such as revising operating budgets.
SOURCE: EN:031 Create processes for ongoing opportunity recognition
SOURCE: Future Learn. (n.d.). What is opportunity recognition? Retrieved January 16, 2024, from
https://www.futurelearn.com/info/courses/technology-entrepreneurship-start-a-newventure/0/steps/45095

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2024 HS ICDC

ENTREPRENEURSHIP EXAM—KEY

15

58. C
The employee's behaviors and results should be the main focus. When conducting an employee performance
review, managers should evaluate the employee's behaviors and results rather than their traits (attitude,
leadership, motivation, etc.). Behaviors and results can be directly observed, whereas traits can be subjective
and difficult to evaluate on a fair basis. Rather than the manager serving as judge and jury of an employee
during a review, it should be a two-way process where the employee evaluates themselves too. Performance
and compensation should not be discussed together during a performance review. Rather, the review should
focus on development with a conversation about compensation coming at a later date. Managers should give
their employees advanced notice and should schedule the review for a date and time that works well for the
employee.
SOURCE: HR:368 Assess employee performance
SOURCE: Gallagher, B.J. (2023, January 24). The dos and don'ts of performance reviews. Retrieved January
11, 2024, from https://www.amanet.org/articles/the-dos-and-donts-of-performance-reviews
59. A
Inform. Organizations have three major objectives when using promotion to influence customers: to inform, to
persuade, and to remind. Many companies use promotion to communicate important information about their
products. Promotions that inform customers may also educate them on how to use products to their fullest
advantage. For example, food manufacturers often provide customers with useful information, such as recipes
on their websites, to explain the many ways that their products can be used to prepare meals. They may also
provide information about the natural or healthy qualities of their foods. Promotion can be used by companies to
persuade and remind, but neither of these are demonstrated in this example. To socialize is not a use of
promotion by companies.
SOURCE: PR:001 Explain the role of promotion as a marketing function
SOURCE: LAP-PR-901—Razzle Dazzle (Nature of Promotion)
60. D
Minimizes redundant tasks. There are several benefits for companies that develop well-designed and organized
workflows, including minimizing redundant and tedious tasks, as well as creating connections between tasks. A
well-designed and organized workflow doesn’t necessarily mean the company has a good public image. A welldesigned and organized workflow doesn’t directly contribute to keeping up with market trends, either. Although
a well-designed and organized workflow can limit interruptions, it doesn’t eliminate unexpected interruptions.
Unexpected interruptions can disrupt any workflow, no matter the company.
SOURCE: EN:027 Explain methods/processes for organizing workflow
SOURCE: Masternak, W. (2024). Top 5 workflow management tips. Retrieved January 16, 2024, from
https://www.helpdesk.com/learn/top-5-workflow-management-tips-to-organize-your-work
61. D
It creates transparent rules and controls. Corporate governance refers to the system of rules and processes by
which a company is controlled and directed. Good corporate governance creates transparent rules and controls
for a company and guides leadership. It also aligns the interests of a company's stakeholders, which can
include shareholders, senior management, customers, suppliers, lenders, the government, and the community.
In addition, good corporate governance helps build trust with investors and gives them a clear idea of a
company's direction. Good corporate governance promotes long-term financial viability and opportunity, rather
than short-term.
SOURCE: PD:213 Discuss the importance of corporate governance in business
SOURCE: Chen, J. (2023, October 31). Corporate governance: Definition, principles, models, and examples.
Retrieved January 9, 2024, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/corporategovernance.asp

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2024 HS ICDC

ENTREPRENEURSHIP EXAM—KEY

16

62. C
Collect information. Crisis management is a public relations (PR) strategy that involves the ongoing
management, planning, and coordination of resources in the event undesirable circumstances occur. In this
situation, the first thing Anna should do is to collect information. When managing a crisis, it is important for PR
professionals to first collect all of the information it can and fact-check it to properly evaluate the threat and
determine the initial cause. Taking responsibility, reacting as soon as possible, and answering media questions
are steps that PR professionals should take after they collect information.
SOURCE: PR:252 Identify types of public-relations activities
SOURCE: Keyhole. (2023, October 2). 7 steps for effective PR crisis management in 2024. Retrieved January
10, 2024, from https://keyhole.co/blog/pr-crisis-management
63. C
Business permits. Startup costs are all of the expenses involved in setting up a new business or introducing a
new product to the market. These include several different cost categories, such as cost of sales, professional
fees, administrative fees, technology costs, and sales and marketing costs. Business permits are an example of
an administrative cost a startup may need to pay. Software is an example of a technology cost. Trademarks are
an example of professional fees associated with a new venture. Marketing materials are an example of
marketing costs.
SOURCE: EN:009 Assess start-up requirements
SOURCE: Morah, C. (2022, November 13). Business startup costs: It's in the details. Retrieved January 12,
2024, from https://www.investopedia.com/articles/pf/09/business-startup-costs.asp
64. A
Tailor its communication. Strategic relationships are successfully formed when both sides share a common
vision that they can work toward together. Both parties will be equally motivated to succeed. When looking to
build strategic relationships, businesses should tailor their communication to the interests and communication
preferences of the other party. By doing this, businesses can ensure their communication in the relationship is
effective. While it is important to consider yourself and your needs, it is also important to consider the needs of
others, especially in a strategic relationship. Seeking a deal as soon as possible and not asking questions are
not ways in which businesses should look to build strategic relationships. Rather, businesses should be willing
to take the time to communicate and negotiate with other businesses when seeking a deal, and should ask
questions to ensure that they are on the same page.
SOURCE: EI:114 Establish strategic relationships with others
SOURCE: Hendricks, A. (2023). How to build strategic relationships inside (and outside) of your organization.
Retrieved January 22, 2024, from https://simplystakeholders.com/build-strategic-relationships
65. C
Economic trends. External risks are those that come from outside of an organization, which it has no control
over. External risks include economic trends, competition in the market, government regulation, and consumer
taste changes. Internal risks are risks within a company that it has the power to prevent or mitigate. Examples
of internal risks include employee performance, damaged equipment, and poor infrastructure.
SOURCE: RM:094 Assess business risks
SOURCE: Beers, B. (2022, October 31). How do modern companies assess business risk? Retrieved January
10, 2024, from https://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/061015/how-do-modern-companiesassess-business-risk.asp

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2024 HS ICDC

ENTREPRENEURSHIP EXAM—KEY

17

66. B
MOST. MOST is short for Mission, Objectives, Strategies, and Tactics. MOST analysis is a way for companies
to retain focus on their goals by analyzing and improving the plans, initiatives, internal processes, company
culture, and internal environment of a company. A PESTLE analysis studies the key external factors (political,
economic, sociological, technological, legal, environmental) that influence an organization. A SWOT analysis is
a marketing tool that investigates a business’s strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats in an
organized fashion. A CATWOE (Customers, Actors, Transformation Process, World View, Owner and
Environmental Constraints) analysis provides a framework for analyzing and defining business stakeholder
perspectives.
SOURCE: OP:327 Discuss the nature of business analysis
SOURCE: Adesope, B. (2017, May 10). Top 5 techniques in business analysis. Retrieved January 9, 2024,
from https://www.batimes.com/articles/top-5-techniques-in-business-analysis
67. C
Understand stakeholder needs. One way a company can manage its stakeholder expectations is to understand
stakeholder needs and expectations. Doing this will help companies tailor their approach to suit each
stakeholder group. Companies should manage stakeholders differently, as projects typically have a range of
different stakeholders and, thus, a broad range of expectations. Companies should also keep their stakeholders
in the loop. Rather than setting lofty expectations, companies should set realistic expectations with their
stakeholders.
SOURCE: EI:113 Determine stakeholder expectations
SOURCE: Kitch, B. (2023, February 24). 10 tips for managing stakeholder expectations. Retrieved January 11,
2024, from https://www.mural.co/blog/manage-stakeholder-expectations
68. C
Develop consumer profiles. Marketing research is the systematic gathering, recording, and analyzing of data
about a specific issue, situation, or concern. Marketing research is used to solve specific marketing problems as
well as to identify problems that may or may not be readily apparent. For example, a business may use
marketing research to determine its typical customer’s age, income, education, spending patterns, and social
media use to develop a profile of the typical customer. Marketing research can be used to analyze business
sales, forecast sales and trends, and maintain a corporate brand, but these are not demonstrated in this
example.
SOURCE: IM:010 Explain the nature of marketing research
SOURCE: LAP-IM-010—Seek and Find (Marketing Research)
69. B
They include assets that are used in the production of goods. Capital resources refer to the assets that are used
to manufacture goods and provide services. These can include tools, machines, equipment, and buildings. A
wide range of assets are considered capital resources, but not all assets are capital resources. To be
considered a capital resource, an asset must relate to the long-term use of an asset in the production of goods
and services. In other words, assets are expected to aid in the creation of products for an extended period of
time. Money in any form is usually not considered a capital resource, as it allows for the acquisition of a capital
resource rather than being the resource.
SOURCE: EN:020 Identify capital resources needed for the venture
SOURCE: Tatum, M. (2024, January 11). What is a capital resource? Retrieved January 16, 2024, from
https://www.wise-geek.com/what-is-a-capital-resource.htm

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2024 HS ICDC

ENTREPRENEURSHIP EXAM—KEY

18

70. B
Higher profitability ratios are more favorable than lower ratios. A profitability ratio is a class of financial ratios
that measures the ability of a company to make a profit. They indicate how effectively and efficiently a company
generates profit and value for shareholders. Higher profitability ratios are more favorable than lower ratios, as
they indicate success at converting revenue to profit. Profitability ratios include both margin ratios and return
ratios. Profitability ratios are used to assess a company's current performance compared to its past
performance.
SOURCE: FI:542 Monitor business's profitability
SOURCE: Hayes, A. (2024, January 29). Profitability ratios: What they are, common types, and how businesses
use them. Retrieved February 2, 2024, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/p/profitabilityratios.asp
71. A
It helps with setting achievable short-term goals. Process thinking focuses on the steps needed to complete a
task. When companies use process thinking, they may encourage their employees to focus on specific tasks in
front of them rather than focusing on the bigger picture. To that end, process thinking allows people to set
achievable short-term goals rather than focusing too much on the bigger picture. Process thinking breaks down
large, complex tasks into small and manageable tasks that can be repeated until expertise is achieved. A con of
process thinking is that it can lead to processes being continually re-examined to identify their weaknesses or
suitability.
SOURCE: OP:474 Discuss business process thinking and its impact
SOURCE: Drew, C. (2023, July 11). What is process thinking? (Examples, pros, and cons). Retrieved January
9, 2024, from https://helpfulprofessor.com/process-thinking
72. C
Desktop computers. Capital resources are assets that are man-made and are used in the production of other
items. Different types of businesses have different capital resources, as a desktop computer is a capital
resource for a computer services company just as a grill and kitchen utensils are capital resources for a
restaurant. Tax revenue is a fiscal resource, or the financial assets and revenues available to an organization to
fund its operations and projects. Sales representatives are human resources, or the people who work for a
company to help achieve business goals. Gas for delivery trucks is a natural resource, or items such as gas, oil,
and coal that occur naturally in the world.
SOURCE: HR:508 Coordinate human, capital, and fiscal resources to meet business priorities
SOURCE: Bean-Mellinger, B. (2018, October 26). What are the differences in capital resource, human
resource, & natural resource? Retrieved January 19, 2024, from
https://smallbusiness.chron.com/differences-capital-resource-human-resource-natural-resource60792.html
73. C
Place. The marketing mix is a combination of the four elements of marketing—product, price, place, and
promotion. The place element can make or break the buying experience. Getting a selected product in the right
place at the right time is all about creating convenience for the customer. When developing the place element of
their marketing mix, marketers consider when and from which businesses to buy the product. Marketers must
also consider price, promotion, and product, but these elements do not consider when and from whom to buy
the product.
SOURCE: MP:001 Explain the concept of marketing strategies
SOURCE: LAP-MP-001—Pick the Mix (Nature of Marketing Strategies)

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2024 HS ICDC

ENTREPRENEURSHIP EXAM—KEY

19

74. A
Intensive. Intensive distribution means selling a product through every available wholesaler and retailer in a
geographic area where consumers might look for it. Marketers use this method when they are attempting to
reach the greatest number of consumers possible. Convenience products, like gum and candy bars, are often
distributed this way. As a consumer, you want to be able to buy this product easily—you don’t want to have to
shop around for it. Therefore, marketers will try to make it available wherever you might feel like buying it.
Selective distribution means selling a product through a limited number of wholesalers and retailers in a
geographic area. Exclusive distribution means selling a product through just one middleman in a geographic
area. Operative distribution is a fictitious term.
SOURCE: CM:001 Explain the nature and scope of channel management
SOURCE: LAP-CM-001—Chart Your Channels (Channel Management)
75. C
Reverse logistics. Reverse logistics is the backward movement of products through the supply chain, from
customers to distributors, manufacturers, or suppliers. Supply chain management’s ultimate goal is to meet
customer demand, but the goal of returning—or reverse logistics—is to regain product value. Diminishing
returns occurs during the second stage of production, when total product continues to increase but at a
decreasing rate. Voluntary recall is the act of removing a product from the market and requesting that
consumers return, destroy, or stop using the product due to potential risks. Backwards forecasting is a fictitious
term.
SOURCE: OP:303 Discuss the nature of supply chain management
SOURCE: LAP-OP-303—Top of the (Supply) Chain (Nature of Supply Chain Management)
76. A
Security measures must be taken to protect business records. Business records are documents containing
information about a business’s operations and finances—what it has done with its resources and opportunities.
Companies have a responsibility to protect consumers’ private information and need to understand that data
breaches present a very real business risk. Access to sensitive or confidential information such as customers’
or employees’ personal information needs to be controlled. Physical records can be secured with locked,
controlled physical access. Digital records should be protected with passwords and encryption. Not all business
records are digital, even in the modern age. Access to business records should not be shared across a
company—only with those who need access. Sometimes it is appropriate to archive or destroy business
records.
SOURCE: NF:001 Describe the nature of business records
SOURCE: LAP-NF-001—Record It (Business Records)
77. B
Trademark. A trademark is a symbol, design, or word used by a producer to identify a good or service and
registered with the government to prevent use by others. In other words, a trademark is a brand that is owned
by a business, designated by the symbols™ or ®. A copyright is a legal protection of books and other artistic
works granted by the government and giving their creators sole rights to them for a certain period of years. A
patent is a legal protection of an invention or a process granted by government to its owners for a certain
number of years. A trade secret refers to undisclosed or confidential information within a particular business or
industry which may be sold or licensed.
SOURCE: EN:013 Select strategies to protect intellectual property
SOURCE: Martin, E.J. (2024). Everything you need to know about intellectual property. Retrieved January 12,
2024, from https://www.uschamber.com/co/start/strategy/how-to-protect-intellectual-property

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2024 HS ICDC

ENTREPRENEURSHIP EXAM—KEY

20

78. B
Economic. Six main categories of information are generally included in an environmental scan: demographics,
society and culture, competition, government, technology, and the economy. The economy greatly affects
businesses and the decisions they must make to satisfy customers and remain profitable. Economic factors that
businesses should pay attention to during an environmental scan include unemployment rates, investor
confidence, and stages of the business cycle.
SOURCE: NF:015 Conduct an environmental scan to obtain business information
SOURCE: LAP-NF-015—Get the 4-1-1 (Conducting an Environmental Scan)
79. D
Environmental issues. Over the past few decades, quality has become more and more important to both
customers and businesses. Some of the factors keeping quality at the forefront of the modern business world
include changing technology, globalization, and environmental issues. Customers and businesses alike are
aware of the need to preserve and protect the environment. Many organizations consider this one of their social
responsibilities, and customers expect them to do their part. Quality management should include plans to create
environmentally sustainable processes and products. Globalization and changing technology are not
necessarily related to social responsibility. Retention strategies are not a factor keeping quality at the forefront
of the modern business world.
SOURCE: QM:001 Explain the nature of quality management
SOURCE: LAP-QM-001—Keep It Quality (Nature of Quality Management)
80. A
Free delivery. A business can offer free delivery to entice customers and improve their experience. Receipts
and emergency exits are all necessary or required for a business to operate safely and legally. A limited return
policy would not positively impact customers’ experiences with a business. Customer service is an “extra” a
business provides, not a necessity.
SOURCE: PM:013 Explain the role of customer service in positioning/image
SOURCE: LAP-PM-913—Customer Service Supersized (The Role of Customer Service in Positioning/Image)
81. B
Present study findings. A feasibility study is an organized inquiry into the possible success of a business idea or
venture. Typically, the final step of a feasibility study is to present it to the appropriate audience in an
appropriate way. Determining whether you should hire a professional is the first step of conducting a feasibility
study, followed by writing a description of the proposed project or venture and performing a market analysis.
After performing a market analysis, the next steps are to outline the financials, create an organizational plan,
assess your technical needs, and review your work carefully. After all of this, then it is time to present the
feasibility study.
SOURCE: EN:038 Determine feasibility of venture ideas
SOURCE: LAP-EN-038—Explore the Possibilities (Conducting Feasibility Studies)
82. D
Reduced expenses. When individuals and/or businesses combine, expenses are often reduced. For example,
expenses may be decreased for promotion, office space, supplies, and utilities. Unlimited liability is a
disadvantage of business partnerships. When individuals and/or businesses combine, competition is decreased
or eliminated, which is an advantage. Although partners may bring more capital to the business than sole
proprietors, the amount of capital is still limited, and lenders may still be reluctant to lend large amounts of
money to partnerships.
SOURCE: BL:006 Select form of business ownership
SOURCE: LAP-BL-006—Taking Care of Business (Selecting Forms of Business Ownership)

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2024 HS ICDC

ENTREPRENEURSHIP EXAM—KEY

21

83. B
The date the business opened. A business plan is a company's business model in written form. It serves as a
company’s blueprint for success and shows how the business works now and how it is intended to work in the
future. There are several sections of a typical business plan, including a cover page, executive summary, table
of contents, company description, product(s) offered, and market analysis, to name a few. The date the
business opened is information typically found in the company description section. The company's mission
statement and its founders and their functions are both included in the executive summary of the business
plan—the most important part of a company’s business or marketing plan because it gives an overview of the
entire document, and is often used to determine whether it is worthwhile to read any further. The goods the
business offers is information typically found in the product(s) offered section.
SOURCE: SM:013 Develop business plan
SOURCE: LAP-SM-013—Plan for Success (Creating a Business Plan)
84. B
Misconduct. A company can legally dismiss an employee for many reasons, including misconduct, poor
performance, and insubordination. Misconduct can include physical violence or threats against other
employees, discriminatory behavior in the workplace, attendance issues, and unethical behavior. It is illegal for
companies to fire employees based on retaliation, or employees exercising their legal rights (e.g., reporting
discrimination, joining a union, filing a worker's compensation claim). It is illegal for companies to fire employees
based on their age, religion, gender, etc., as it is discriminatory.
SOURCE: BL:007 Explain the nature of human resources regulations
SOURCE: The Hartford. (2023). Acceptable reasons for termination. Retrieved January 11, 2024, from
https://www.thehartford.com/business-insurance/strategy/employee-termination/valid-reasons
85. B
Offer a discount after a purchase is made. A rebate is a return of part of the price a customer pays for a good or
service, and it is usually offered by the product's manufacturer. Rebates offer discounts after a purchase is
made, whereas coupons offer discounts at the time of a purchase. Coupons provide customers with immediate
savings, while rebates provide delayed savings. Coupons are typically easier to use than rebates, as customers
simply need to present the coupon at the checkout counter or type in a code online. Rebates often require
customers to submit a form or proof of purchase.
SOURCE: PR:249 Identify communications channels used in sales promotion
SOURCE: Fripp, G. (2023). Difference between coupons and rebates. Retrieved January 10, 2024, from
https://www.marketingstudyguide.com/difference-coupons-rebates
86. B
Company structure. There are many factors that influence a business’s buying behavior. Internal factors include
business size and structure, as well as business policies and procedures. For example, a small business
probably does not have a purchasing department. Instead, the owner or manager may be in charge of the entire
buying process. In large corporations, however, there may be dozens of employees whose jobs are specifically
focused on purchasing (professional buyers). B2B marketers take a different approach to each type of
business. The economy, competition, and laws and regulations are all external factors influencing a business’s
buying behavior.
SOURCE: MK:014 Explain factors that influence customer/client/business buying behavior
SOURCE: LAP-MK-014—Cause and Effect (Buying Behavior)

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2024 HS ICDC

ENTREPRENEURSHIP EXAM—KEY

22

87. C
If it needs to fully understand a venture's risks and benefits. A feasibility study is an organized inquiry into the
possible success of a business idea or venture. Feasibility studies are great for businesses that are looking to
fully understand the risks and benefits associated with the proposed ventures. If a business wants to
understand its competitors, it should conduct a competitive analysis—the process of comparing a business’s
income statement with that of its competitors to see how it is doing by industry standards. A SWOT analysis
investigates a business’s strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats in an organized fashion. If a
business wants to study a certain market, it should conduct a market analysis—a systematic study of a specific
market.
SOURCE: EN:038 Determine feasibility of venture ideas
SOURCE: LAP-EN-038—Explore the Possibilities (Conducting Feasibility Studies)
88. A
Identify problems or issues. Marketers use data to keep an eye out for problems and issues in areas like
customer service, vendors/suppliers, salespeople, and the product itself. For example, marketers want to make
sure customers are receiving expected levels of after-sales service, and they use data to confirm this is the
case. Marketers use data to make budgeting decisions, develop pricing strategies, and make predictions, but
these are not necessarily related to customers and customer service.
SOURCE: IM:012 Describe the need for marketing data
SOURCE: LAP-IM-012—Data Do It (Need for Marketing Data)
89. D
Ultimate consumer. A channel of distribution begins with a producer and ends with an ultimate consumer or
industrial user. An ultimate consumer is anyone who personally uses a good or service to satisfy their own
needs or wants. Because Arna gets her teeth cleaned by her dentist, she is one of the dentist’s ultimate
consumers. An industrial user is a business that buys materials, services, or goods that will be used to make
other goods or used in the operation of the company. A producer makes or provides goods and services.
Channels of distribution are the paths, or routes, that goods and services take from the producer to the ultimate
consumer or industrial user.
SOURCE: CM:003 Explain the nature of channels of distribution
SOURCE: LAP-CM-003—Channel It (Channels of Distribution)
90. C
Clicking email links from an unrecognized email address. When you receive an email from an unrecognized
email address, it is important to proceed with caution. You should not click on the links in the email unless
you’re able to confirm the email is legitimate and the links are safe. If the email seems suspicious and could be
a phishing email, report it to your IT team. Regularly updating the software on your computer and using different
passwords for work and personal accounts are ways to protect from security issues in the workplace. Checking
personal social media accounts on your phone is not necessarily something that could lead to a security issue
in the workplace.
SOURCE: OP:154 Identify potential security issues
SOURCE: Impact Networking, LLC. (2023, February 15). 5 risky employee cybersecurity issues in the
workplace. Retrieved January 19, 2024, from https://www.impactmybiz.com/blog/risky-employeecybersecurity-issues-in-the-workplace

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2024 HS ICDC

ENTREPRENEURSHIP EXAM—KEY

23

91. C
Corporate. A vertical marketing system is where pieces in the distribution channel—producers, wholesalers,
and retailers—work together as a unit to deliver products to final consumers. The three types of vertical
marketing systems are corporate, contractual, and administered. A corporate vertical marketing system
streamlines the process by bringing all of the elements of the distribution channel under the ownership of a
single business. In a contractual vertical marketing system, the pieces of the distribution channel continue to
function as individual entities and enter into contractual relationships with other elements in the distribution
channels. Administered vertical marketing systems do not employ formal contractual obligation nor corporate
ownership of the distribution channel. Rather, one member of the distribution channel has enough power to
control the activities of other members of the distribution channel. Exclusive vertical marketing system is a
fictitious term.
SOURCE: CM:009 Explain the nature of channel strategies
SOURCE: Dontigney, E. (2019, January 25). Three types of vertical marketing systems. Retrieved January 5,
2024, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/three-types-vertical-marketing-systems-64258.html
92. D
Fixed monthly cost. When leasing a facility, you rent the property for a set term and must renegotiate to
continue using it. Some benefits of leasing a facility include that it has a fixed monthly cost, it gives you the
flexibility to leave the property, and there's an opportunity to receive tax breaks for property expenses. Some
disadvantages of leasing are that you have no control of the property and you are unable to collect passive
income. Benefits of buying a facility include that it gives you control over the property, equity in the property
builds over time, and the asset value appreciates over time.
SOURCE: OP:028 Negotiate lease or purchase of facility
SOURCE: Miller, M. (2023, January 5). Buying vs leasing commercial real estate: Pros and cons of each.
Retrieved January 22, 2024, from https://www.valuepenguin.com/small-business/buying-vs-leasingcommercial-real-estate
93. D
Pure. With pure risk, there are two possibilities—loss or no loss. Either something bad happens or nothing
happens. Pure risks are considered insurable risks, meaning that businesses are able to take out insurance
policies against them. For example, a business can get auto insurance to protect company vehicles.
Speculative risks are not insurable. Tangible and intangible are descriptors more frequently applied to assets in
risk management rather than types of risks themselves.
SOURCE: EC:011 Determine factors affecting business risk
SOURCE: LAP-EC-911—Lose, Win, or Draw (Business Risk)
94. D
They rely heavily on management estimates and inputs. Enterprise risk management (ERM) is an organizationwide strategy to identify, assess, and prepare for potential dangers and hazards that may harm or interfere with
an organization's finances, operations, and objectives. A disadvantage of ERM is that it relies heavily on
management estimates and inputs, which sometimes can be very difficult to accurately predict. ERM identifies
risk that a company has been exposed to in the past, and is thus limited in identifying future risk that a company
is not yet aware of. ERM benefits a business because it leads to less unexpected risks and greater employee
satisfaction, while reducing or even eliminating redundant processes.
SOURCE: RM:062 Discuss the nature of enterprise risk management (ERM)
SOURCE: Hayes, A. (2022, September 7). Enterprise risk management (ERM): What is it and how it works.
Retrieved January 10, 2024, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/e/enterprise-riskmanagement.asp

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2024 HS ICDC

ENTREPRENEURSHIP EXAM—KEY

24

95. C
Earthquakes. Location risks are any type of hazard risks businesses may encounter due to their location. For
example, in the United States, companies based in the west coast are more susceptible to earthquakes,
whereas companies near the Gulf of Mexico or the Pacific Coast are more susceptible to hurricanes. Fires are
an example of building risks. Employee injuries are an example of human risks. Power outages are an example
of technology risks.
SOURCE: RM:056 Identify business risks
SOURCE: Davis, M. (2023, July 31). Identifying and managing business risks. Retrieved January 10, 2024,
from https://www.investopedia.com/articles/financial-theory/09/risk-management-business.asp
96. A
Psychographic. Psychographic segmentation is the division of a market on the basis of customers' lifestyles,
personalities, attitudes, interests, and values. Demographic segmentation is the division of a market on the
basis of its physical and social characteristics (e.g., age group, gender, occupation). Geographic segmentation
is the division of a market on the basis of where customers are located. Behavioral segmentation is the division
of a market on the basis of customers' responses to a product.
SOURCE: MP:004 Identify market segments
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2024, January 14). Target market: Definition, purpose, examples, market segments.
Retrieved February 2, 2024, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/t/target-market.asp
97. A
Total costs and total revenue are equal. A breakeven analysis refers to the process of determining the level at
which revenues equal total costs. A breakeven analysis is used to determine the amount of revenue needed to
cover total costs. Total costs being higher than total revenue, total revenue being higher than total costs, or total
revenue and total costs being inversely proportional do not represent a breakeven analysis.
SOURCE: OP:192 Conduct breakeven analysis
SOURCE: Schmidt, J. (2024). Break even analysis. Retrieved January 22, 2024, from
https://corporatefinanceinstitute.com/resources/accounting/break-even-analysis
98. B
Be genuine. To be most effective, recognition must be genuine. If you really believe in the value of the person’s
effort, others will pick up on your enthusiasm very easily. The opposite is true, too: If you don’t believe in the
value of their effort, they’ll pick up on the emptiness of your message. Even though De’Vondre said he liked her
logo, Camilla is likely to pick up on his true feelings. In this situation De’Vondre’s recognition was personalized
and timely, and it matched the effort.
SOURCE: EI:014 Recognize/Reward others for their efforts and contributions
SOURCE: LAP-EI-141—Gimme Five! (Recognizing/Rewarding Others)
99. D
Maintain efficiency. A purchasing system refers to the procedures and technology used to streamline the
purchase of products and services. Purchasing systems help businesses maintain efficiency determining what
to buy, how much to buy, and when to buy it. Simply put, they ensure businesses only make necessary
purchases and at reasonable prices. Purchasing systems do not help businesses recruit employees, promote
products, or increase social media engagement.
SOURCE: EN:025 Explain the need for business systems and procedures
SOURCE: Hayes, A. (2023, January 21). Purchasing system in inventory management: Types and examples.
Retrieved January 16, 2024, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/p/purchasing-system.asp

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2024 HS ICDC

ENTREPRENEURSHIP EXAM—KEY

25

100. B
Define its approach. The initial phase of change management—before managing the change itself—involves
creating a plan of action, including defining key concepts such as success, impact, and approach. Transferring
ownership, reviewing performance, and sustaining outcomes are all performed in the last phase of change
management.
SOURCE: SM:095 Explain the nature of change management
SOURCE: Kempton, L. (2023, December 20) Change management process. Retrieved January 11, 2024, from
https://www.prosci.com/blog/change-management-process

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

