

1. Frederic used to own the only pizza place in town—until a new place opened up. Even though Frederic's never been to the new pizza place, he tells everyone he meets that the new place uses inferior ingredients and has been investigated by the health department. He even leaves negative reviews of the pizza place online. Which business tort do Frederic's actions fall under?
A. Wrongful interference
B. Unfair competition
C. Copyright infringement
D. Disparagement

2. When entering into a contract with another business, an agent is the party that represents the
A. consultant.
B. defendant.
C. opposition.
D. principal.

3. The person who files a lawsuit is the
A. plaintiff.
B. defendant.
C. lawyer.
D. judge.

4. Why might parties choose to use mediation to solve a dispute?
A. To avoid going to court
B. To spend more money
C. To do less work
D. To get a less personal result

5. Sasha's science teacher is explaining lab directions to the class. They'll be performing a complicated experiment with many steps that will take about a week. The next day, Sasha tries to remember a step of the directions, but she can't. Which step of following oral directions should Sasha have followed?
A. Eliminate distractions
B. Take notes
C. Make eye contact
D. Acknowledge directions verbally or nonverbally

6. "This is an exciting new opportunity for you," says Jane's boss. Which of the following nonverbal cues would appropriately reinforce that message?
A. Focusing eyes on the computer
B. Slouching
C. Smiling
D. Looking out the window

7. Jolie is working in a group in her business class. If she wants to contribute to her group's discussion in a meaningful way, what should she do?
A. Summarize what's been discussed in the conversation
B. Let someone know right away if his/her idea is bad or unrealistic
C. Wait for other people to lead the conversation when it gets silent
D. Ask questions as a way of judging someone else's suggestion

8. What are the three main purposes of oral presentations?
A. To inform, inspire, and entertain
B. To inform, persuade, and entertain
C. To inform, persuade, and instruct
D. To interview, debate, and entertain

9. Aaron prepared a detailed report for his supervisor that described several issues that Aaron's work group has been experiencing with a long-term project. Aaron described the most difficult or challenging issues in the beginning of the report and ended the report with the least important points. How did Aaron organize the information in the report?
A. Priority sequence
B. Alphabetical by category
C. Simple to complex
D. Chronological order

10. Jacob is determining the writing style to use for an analytical report. If most readers are likely to support the report's content, Jacob should format the report for a(n) __________ audience.
A. receptive
B. indecisive
C. argumentative
D. intellectual

11. Which of the following is the last component of a research report:
A. Recommendations
B. Purpose of the study
C. Background information
D. Methodology

12. Phoebe is the manager of a small company. One of her employees has been showing up late and missing work frequently. What channel of communication should Phoebe use to discuss this issue with him?
A. A company-wide memo
B. An email message
C. Face-to-face conversation
D. A video conference

13. When participating in a project-status meeting, it is important for a participant to
A. be prepared to provide an update.
B. monopolize the conversation.
C. provide information about new company policies.
D. take notes for the group.

14. A customer asks Roger a question about a product, and he isn't sure of the correct answer. He immediately phones his supervisor to get the needed information. Which technique for building positive customer relations does this illustrate?
A. Be thankful.
B. Keep your promises.
C. Pay attention to internal customers.
D. Be helpful.

15. Today, customer relationship management is considered an important tool in
A. commercial investing.
B. business decision-making.
C. hiring new employees.
D. establishing connections with vendors.

16. Which of the following is an economic service:
A. Eyeglasses
B. Bottle of perfume
C. Baseball bat
D. Ticket to football game

17. Which of the following are examples of capital goods:
A. Trucks, drum scanners, and minerals
B. Bull dozers, photocopiers, and roads
C. Tractors, laborers, and cranes
D. Refineries, iron ore, and computers

18. One reason that businesses use a matrix organizational design is to
A. share human resources.
B. improve employee productivity.
C. segment areas of expertise.
D. standardize business tasks.

19. Which of the following is an example of a government regulation that affects a business's working conditions:
A. Zoning laws
B. Food inspection
C. Minimum wage
D. Price supports

20. Which of the following is an item that is subject to an excise tax:
A. Prescription medication
B. Carton of eggs
C. Ski boat
D. Business computer

21. A company is facing negative returns. Which stage of production is the company in?
A. Second
B. Third
C. Fourth
D. First

22. Which of the following is a true statement about gross domestic product (GDP):
A. Improved use of resources increases the GDP.
B. The underground economy overstates the GDP.
C. It is easy to measure the GDP accurately.
D. A decrease in GDP results in a higher standard of living.

23. Which of the following illustrates the impact of a country's history on world trade:
A. Countries with widely different religious beliefs have difficulty establishing trust.
B. Countries that have engaged in war conflicts have difficulty establishing trust.
C. Countries speaking different languages have difficulty understanding each other.
D. Countries that are adjacent to each other have more opportunities for conflict.

24. One good way to raise your level of self-esteem when it has dropped is to
A. discuss your feelings with someone you trust.
B. withdraw from activities for a while.
C. reanalyze all your past mistakes.
D. keep your feelings to yourself.

25. Workers can demonstrate their honesty and integrity by giving a fair amount of ___________ for their pay.
A. worry
B. concern
C. effort
D. loyalty

26. For two hours a day, Jacob shuts his office door to prevent interruptions, does not check email, and does not accept incoming phone calls. This enables Jacob to focus on his most important tasks. What technique is Jacob using to help him manage his work commitments effectively?
A. Eliminating the use of technological tools
B. Delegating his workload
C. Controlling environmental distractions
D. Developing a detailed “to-do” list

27. How does having a sense of humor help you maintain a positive attitude?
A. It encourages you to give your appearance the attention it deserves.
B. If you hang out with positive people, you'll be positive as well.
C. It is easier to maintain a positive attitude when you're healthy.
D. It keeps you from taking yourself too seriously.

28. When people make you angry or upset, you may be able to maintain your self-control if you
A. frown to indicate your displeasure.
B. use language to vent your anger.
C. adopt a defensive attitude.
D. make an effort to remain calm.

29. Which of the following is an internal source of feedback:
A. Teachers
B. Yourself
C. Friends
D. Employers

30. Which of the following is an example of violating a coworker's privacy in the workplace:
A. Thomas changed the wording on Carrie's report with her approval.
B. Ruby saw that her coworkers were having a serious discussion, so she walked away.
C. Joe needed a pen, so he opened Ali's desk drawer to look for one while she was away.
D. Paige sent a personal email from her work computer to her friend Alan.

31. Which of the following is a true statement about secondary dimensions of diversity:
A. They are mental aptitudes.
B. They are physical traits.
C. They are determined by a person's subculture.
D. They can change over time.

32. During a staff meeting, Matthew says, "In closing, I want to congratulate Shelby, who has been instrumental in landing the Feldman account. This account has the potential to greatly impact our company's sales." Matthew is motivating an employee by
A. providing her with a monetary reward.
B. acknowledging her efforts.
C. giving her new job responsibilities.
D. supporting her ideas.

33. Frank has a good understanding of his own emotions. What component of emotional intelligence does Frank demonstrate?
A. Social management
B. Self-management
C. Social awareness
D. Self-awareness

34. Collaborative relationships with colleagues from other departments are beneficial to the business because they often
A. support highly competitive attitudes.
B. prevent workplace conflict.
C. generate innovative ideas.
D. facilitate independent behavior.

35. John recently expanded his business into another country to reach more of his target market. He was initially thrilled with his company's profits following the expansion—until he converted the money back to his domestic currency. At that point, he realized that the company made much less than he originally thought. What risk involved with international business did John experience?
A. International trade agreement changes
B. Foreign exchange rate fluctuations
C. Political unrest in foreign countries
D. The cost of international unionized labor

36. Which of the following is a disadvantage of a checking account:
A. Overdraft protection
B. Direct payroll deposit
C. Account balance requirement
D. Online transaction options

37. Justine's rich uncle wants to give her $5,000 toward the purchase of a car. But since Justine doesn't plan to buy the car for at least another year, her uncle told her that she can have the money now, or he can wait and give her the money when she actually buys the car. Justine chooses to take the money now and deposit it in her savings account. After all, her deposit will yield 6% interest compounded annually. A year from now, her $5,000 will be worth $5,300. What financial concept does this scenario illustrate?
A. Time-value of money
B. Dividend reinvestment plan
C. Capital budgeting
D. Accrual accounting

38. Incorrect information on an individual's credit report may hinder his/her ability to
A. earn interest on stock holdings.
B. withdraw money from a savings account.
C. pay monthly credit card balances.
D. obtain a bank loan.

39. How do businesses transfer risk?
A. Screen employees
B. Implement security measures
C. Check for hazards
D. Obtain insurance

40. Emma is reviewing the sales budget in relation to the actual sales generated for a set time frame. How is Emma using financial information in this situation?
A. To compare estimated performance with actual performance
B. To establish new quality standards and benchmarks
C. To identify external economic trends
D. To analyze the impact of aging accounts

41. When preparing her company's budget, Tatiana's manager told her that the company would be merging with another company. To maintain her ethics, Tatiana should
A. report this information to the SEC.
B. make sure the merger benefits the public interest.
C. maintain her independence.
D. keep this information confidential.

42. Which of the following are listed as long-term assets on a balance sheet:
A. Capital equipment, mortgage, and inventory
B. Land, cash, and mortgage
C. Vehicles, insurance, and accounts payable
D. Buildings, vehicles, and capital equipment

43. According to a company's most recent statement of cash flows, its cash flow from operations for the most recent year was $1,375,400. The net cash used by investing was an outlay of $690,000. The net cash spent on financing was $140,300. What was the company's free cash flow?
A. $686,400
B. $549,700
C. $545,100
D. $830,300

44. Which of the following business trends affects human resources management:
A. Lack of new technology
B. Costs of business going down
C. No restructuring
D. Globalization

45. Which of the following is an example of receiving tacit knowledge:
A. "Shadowing" a person in your desired career
B. Reading a history textbook
C. Listening to an instructor's lecture
D. Following a recipe

46. Bailey knows that she has more knowledge about digital marketing than anyone else on her team. She is reluctant to share her knowledge because she wants to give herself an advantage. This is an example of how
A. sharing knowledge builds stronger relationships.
B. it is impossible to get ahead in your career if you share knowledge.
C. knowledge management prevents unethical behavior.
D. self-interest can prevent effective knowledge management.

47. Corsica Steel Mill has developed a new process to reduce the time it takes to complete a phase of production. To legally protect this new process from unauthorized use, the company should obtain a
A. trade name.
B. copyright.
C. trademark.
D. patent.

48. Seth recently informed his manager, Tammy, that he is leaving the company. During her last meeting with Seth, Tammy took detailed notes and asked Seth questions about the problems that Seth had encountered on the job and how he handled them. Seth shared important information that his replacement will need to know so s/he can do the job efficiently. What technique is Tammy using to capture knowledge for future use in the organization?
A. Concept mapping
B. Exit interview
C. Data codification
D. Training session

49. Which of the following factors has the greatest effect on a consumer's buying behavior:
A. Cultural influences
B. Situational influences
C. Individual influences
D. Social influences

50. Which of the following is an ethical dilemma related to an employee providing information in the workplace:
A. A customer asks Kate to mail a complete product catalog and a comprehensive price list to his/her business.
B. Bob's new employer asks him to share confidential information about product-development processes that his previous employer uses.
C. Melinda and two of her coworkers talk about their plans to work overtime next weekend.
D. Steven advises a customer that Simpson Electronics does not provide personal information to other companies without the customer's consent.

51. Any business storing customers' personal banking account information is legally required to
A. maintain the confidentiality of the stored information.
B. share the information with its competitors.
C. provide the information to the government for tax purposes.
D. provide affiliated banks access to the information.

52. What technological component manages the computer's software and hardware?
A. Navigation key
B. Power supply
C. Operating system
D. Modem

53. Which of the following is a characteristic common to all integrated software packages:
A. Performs interrelated functions
B. Calculates break-even points
C. Requires minimal training
D. Includes forecasting tools

54. Which component of project-management software helps project managers determine the length of time that a series of interdependent tasks will take to complete under various circumstances:
A. Demonstration
B. Critical path
C. Presentation
D. Linear

55. A business is mostly likely to review customer invoices from the previous year to
A. improve service.
B. evaluate ideas.
C. execute promotions.
D. forecast sales.

56. Maxton Mart is being pressured by its vendors to pay for inventory it purchased more than 30 days ago. However, Maxton Mart has not received its accounts receivable from customers. What business record has Maxton Mart failed to monitor successfully?
A. Balance sheet
B. Income statement
C. Cash flow
D. Open to buy

57. A trend currently impacting the business environment is the increased number of fathers who are directly involved in care giving for their children. This trend represents a change in
A. society and culture.
B. demographics.
C. the economy.
D. competition.

58. The owner of a business facility that has hazardous electrical wiring is likely to be fined for violating
A. affirmative-action initiatives.
B. federal trade laws.
C. local building codes.
D. electronic communication regulations.

59. Which of the following is an example of employee pilferage:
A. Hacking into a competitor's computer network to obtain trade secrets
B. Changing the amount specified on a check you prepare for the company with authorization
C. Installing personally owned software on your workplace computer
D. Padding an expense account

60. Lily is the last employee to leave the building today. To reduce the risk of theft, Lily should __________ before she __________.
A. set the security alarm; locks the doors
B. turn off the lights; sets the security alarm
C. turn on the surveillance camera; adjusts the thermostat
D. adjust the thermostat; turns on the surveillance camera

61. Which of the following is the most important factor to consider when prioritizing work tasks:
A. Enjoyment of tasks
B. Due dates of tasks
C. Coworkers' opinions
D. Employee's aptitude

62. When delegating work to their employees, managers should make sure to clearly articulate their
A. preference for quantity of work over quality.
B. rules and consequences for breaking them.
C. punishment for staff that fail to meet the deadline.
D. desired outcomes for the project.

63. What the project will and will not include is called the
A. plan.
B. scope.
C. risk.
D. quality.

64. Determining which tasks need to be performed and when they need to be completed is an important aspect of project
A. planning.
B. initiating.
C. executing.
D. closing.

65. Which of the following do purchasing personnel try to obtain, along with the lowest possible price:
A. Security
B. Loyalty
C. Quality
D. Publicity

66. When companies work with their vendors to develop mutually beneficial business arrangements, they are more likely to
A. double their profit margins.
B. maintain long-term relationships.
C. experience vertical conflict.
D. experience horizontal conflict.

67. What is most likely to happen if a purchaser negotiates lower prices for raw materials?
A. The company will be limited in which type of materials can be purchased.
B. The company will be able to purchase more materials and increase production.
C. Increases in productivity will lead to higher costs.
D. Communication processes will be improved.

68. When is a business most likely to place a straight reorder with a vendor?
A. To replenish its regularly-stocked items
B. To accommodate customers' unique requests
C. To order seasonal merchandise
D. To change the quantities of items that it routinely orders

69. Why does a business keep stock on hand for resale?
A. So it can buy raw materials
B. So it can produce manufactured goods
C. To use it in business operations
D. To sell it to end users

70. What should businesses do before negotiating with vendors?
A. Make minor concessions
B. Implement aggressive tactics
C. Assess vendors' strengths and weaknesses
D. Adopt a win-lose attitude

71. Acceptance sampling is a part of statistical quality control that involves
A. identifying the cause of quality problems.
B. filling out control charts.
C. determining whether to approve or reject an entire batch of products.
D. painting a picture with descriptive statistics.

72. Mitchell is reviewing internal data and proposals from several agencies to determine the best course of action for implementing a major advertising campaign for his company. What is Mitchell analyzing?
A. Financial status
B. Operating schedule
C. Promotional needs
D. Human resources

73. An Internet and cable provider is considering whether to implement a new process that would require its customer service agents to work the phone lines for 24 hours a day instead of the previous 12 hours a day. What type of factor will most likely impact the design of this new process?
A. Environmental
B. Regulatory
C. Technological
D. Human

74. Technology impacts just-in-time inventory management by
A. increasing warehouse storage costs.
B. eliminating the need for supplier relationships.
C. causing disruptions in the supply chain.
D. allowing inventory to be monitored regularly.

75. Supply chain networks encompass the flow and movement of __________ among __________.
A. classified information; protest groups
B. employees and customers; governments
C. government officials; Fortune 500 companies
D. materials and information; organizations

76. An American car manufacturer exports many of its automobiles to Asia. A recent delivery to China was detained at Chinese customs due to a miscommunication between the English-speaking barge operator and the Mandarin-speaking shipyard receiver. This is an example of which of the following global supply chain issues:
A. Cultural conflicts
B. Accountability and compliance
C. Time zone differences
D. Language barriers

77. How can a company hold employees accountable for protecting digital assets?
A. Encryption software
B. An effective laptop security policy
C. Project management software
D. Background checks

78. Riley is working with a design firm on a promotional campaign. The designer gives her a USB drive with some possible layouts to review. To ensure she is protecting the customer data on her computer, Riley should
A. fire the design firm.
B. refuse to open the files.
C. delete customer information before opening it.
D. scan the drive for viruses before opening it.

79. When it gets noisy in her workspace, Olivia puts on her headphones and listens to soft music while she works. What principle of time management is Olivia following?
A. Dividing large projects into smaller parts
B. Knowing how she works best
C. Making the most of her down time
D. Focusing on personal goals rather than work tasks

80. Which of the following is an example of an employee who is meeting his/her employer's expectations:
A. Tom spends the first half hour of the workday chatting with Kate.
B. Allison focuses on her work tasks so she can meet her deadlines.
C. Rachel sends a text message to her roommate during a meeting.
D. Calvin tells a customer about his issues with a difficult coworker.

81. Cameron supervises the transportation, storage, and handling of his company's products. Which type of business management and administration career does Cameron have?
A. Office management
B. Business analytics
C. Supply chain management
D. Human resources management

82. What would be the best response to write on a job application form for the reason that you left your last job if you quit because you felt your supervisor was unfair?
A. Unable to get along with supervisor
B. Left for a better job
C. Unfair supervisor
D. Unpleasant working environment

83. Last week, Marcus attended a friend's birthday party and talked with Lynnette, a manager with the Trendall and Young accounting firm. Marcus mentioned that he is a technology major and will be looking for a job after he graduates in June. Lynnette gave Marcus her business card, and told him that her firm might be hiring during the summer months. The interaction between Marcus and Lynnette is an example of
A. social etiquette.
B. professional networking.
C. informal interviewing.
D. community resourcing.

84. An organization's product goals often involve setting standards for
A. the variety of its goods and services.
B. behavior in the workplace.
C. expenses and income.
D. the target market's expectations.

85. Which of the following is the sequential order of a project's work breakdown structure:
A. Subtask, task, and work assignment
B. Work assignment, task, and subtask
C. Task, subtask, and work assignment
D. Work assignment, subtask, and task

86. Which of the following is a primary responsibility of the project manager during the execution phase of a project:
A. Developing a list of work tasks
B. Assembling a steering committee
C. Keeping the project on track
D. Acquiring project supplies and equipment

87. Which of the following is an example of a project manager motivating a project team:
A. Zoey sends an email requesting each team member provide her with a weekly activity report.
B. Marcus tells Thomas that he might work more efficiently if he performed one task before another one.
C. Ryan advises Samantha that she will need to perform additional duties while Maggie is on vacation.
D. Tamara recognizes how hard her team is working, so she provides lunch for the team members.

88. After providing the stakeholders with the project deliverables, Lisa analyzed and documented the project's actual results with the initial project goals. What did Lisa do?
A. Prepare a lessons-learned report
B. Conduct a post-implementation review
C. Develop a project-issues log
D. Compose final delivery instructions

89. A manufacturing company uses Six Sigma as a quality management framework. This means that the company
A. produces only 3.4 defects per million parts.
B. follows the plan-do-check-adjust approach.
C. uses an IT-oriented approach to quality management.
D. has created its own quality management framework.

90. Which of the following is a potential benefit of implementing continuous quality improvement processes:
A. Decreased demand
B. Lower productivity
C. Increased revenue
D. Higher costs

91. Madelyn is responsible for selecting Elite Manufacturing Company's new payroll-processing vendor. Madelyn has narrowed down her selection to three vendors and is favoring Pay Day Enterprises, the small company where her brother works. The primary concern with Pay Day is that it has never handled payroll for a company as large as Elite, which presents a business risk to the manufacturing company. This situation illustrates an ethical issue related to
A. levels of service.
B. financial reporting methodology.
C. a conflict of interest.
D. the company's structure.

92. Using computer-data backup procedures on a regular basis reduces a company's level of risk because the process
A. detects noncompliance issues.
B. prevents hackers from accessing the computer system.
C. saves information when computer failures occur.
D. allows employees to use many applications.

93. What can a business do if it is exposed to risks that commercial insurance companies do not cover?
A. Establish a risk-management committee
B. Acquire a professional association
C. Create a trade union
D. Form a captive insurance company

94. Which of the following levels of managers spend most of their time staffing, directing, and controlling the day-to-day activities of the business:
A. Mid-level
B. First-line
C. Executive
D. Regional

95. What is an advantage of managerial planning?
A. Reduces uncertainty
B. Eliminates errors
C. Decreases the need to delegate work
D. Lessens the need to monitor employees

96. What management function is responsible for coordinating resources in ways that maximize efficiency?
A. Organizing
B. Staffing
C. Directing
D. Controlling

97. Which task in the staffing process ensures that employees are knowledgeable and productive?
A. Determining need
B. Recruiting
C. Training and developing
D. Developing compensation plans

98. A primary activity of the directing function of management is
A. evaluating performance.
B. identifying skills.
C. initiating action.
D. establishing authority.

99. A primary activity in managerial control is
A. evaluating.
B. delegating.
C. coaching.
D. forecasting.

100. What occurs during the first stage of the change-management life cycle?
A. Organizations carry out a strategic plan for implementing desired change.
B. Organizations engage in dialogue to determine how to best implement change.
C. Organizations agree on a strategic plan for implementing the desired change.
D. Organizations identify and communicate the need for change to employees.

/////

1. D
Disparagement. Frederic is making false statements about the quality of the new pizza place's food and
the cleanliness of the restaurant. He is also leaving false negative reviews of the pizza place online. This
constitutes disparagement. This is not an example of unfair competition or wrongful interference. Frederic
is not infringing on the new pizza place's copyright.
SOURCE: BL:069
SOURCE: LaMance, K. (2018, February 2). Business torts. Retrieved September 19, 2018, from
https://www.legalmatch.com/law-library/article/business-torts.html
2. D
Principal. In the legal system, an agent is a person who acts on the behalf of his/her client. The client is
called the principal. A defendant is a person who is charged with a tort or crime. Opposition refers to the
other party involved in a contract or dispute. A consultant is an advisor.
SOURCE: BL:072
SOURCE: HG.org. (1996-2018). Agency law - Agent law. Retrieved September 19, 2018, from
https://www.hg.org/agency-law.html
3. A
Plaintiff. The plaintiff is the person in a case who makes a claim against another person or organization
and starts the litigation process. The defendant is the person who is accused of breaking the law. The
lawyer is the person who represents the plaintiff and/or defendant. The judge is the person who rules on
a case.
SOURCE: BL:160
SOURCE: Stoel Rives, LLP. (2012, January 24). How does a lawsuit work? Basic steps in the civil
litigation process. Retrieved September 19, 2018, from https://www.stoel.com/how-does-alawsuit-work-basic-steps-in
4. A
To avoid going to court. Parties may choose mediation if they want to avoid taking their case to court.
Mediation often costs less money and results in a more personalized result. Mediation often means doing
more work to resolve the dispute.
SOURCE: BL:161
SOURCE: Dysart, K. (1995-2016). Why to choose mediation over litigation. Retrieved September 19,
2018, from http://www.hg.org/article.asp?id=18286
5. B
Take notes. If a speaker is giving you multiple directions at one time, it may be useful to take notes. That
way, as you complete your project, you can look back on them. If Sasha had taken notes in her situation,
she'd know what to do next in her experiment. Eliminating distractions, making eye contact, and
acknowledging directions are all important steps when it comes to following directions, but they are not
steps that would help Sasha in this situation.
SOURCE: CO:119
SOURCE: Xdesign. (2016, October 20). 5 steps to giving and following instructions in the workplace.
Retrieved September 19, 2018, from https://thinkx.net/blog/5-steps-to-giving-and-followinginstructions-in-the-workplace
6. C
Smiling. A smile conveys a positive message and reinforces good news. Poor posture sends the
message that a person doesn't really care about what s/he is saying. Lack of eye contact sends a
message that the speaker may not be telling the truth or may wish to be doing something else.
SOURCE: CO:059
SOURCE: Smith, J. (2013, March 11). 10 nonverbal cues that convey confidence at work. Retrieved
September 19, 2018, from http://www.forbes.com/sites/jacquelynsmith/2013/03/11/10nonverbal-cues-that-convey-confidence-at-work/

Test 1185

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

14

7. A
Summarize what's been discussed in the conversation. At the end of the group's discussion—or even at
quiet moments along the way—it's helpful to summarize what's been discussed so far. Jolie shouldn't
immediately close off an idea that's out of the ordinary—even if she thinks an idea is bad or unrealistic,
it's important to listen to it. It's also important to avoid judging other group members' suggestions when
asking questions. If there's a silent time when no one wants to speak, Jolie should be a leader and take
the reins. She should not be intimidated by a quiet moment.
SOURCE: CO:053
SOURCE: Reineke, M. (n.d.). In-class discussion. Retrieved September 19, 2018, from
https://sites.uni.edu/reineke/guidelin.htm
8. B
To inform, persuade, and entertain. The three main purposes of oral presentations are to inform,
persuade, and entertain. Interviews and debates are types of presentations, not purposes. An
entertaining or persuasive presentation might inspire, but inspiring people is not one of the main
purposes of oral presentations. An instructive presentation is an informational presentation.
SOURCE: CO:025
SOURCE: LAP-CO-025—Well Said! (Making Oral Presentations)
9. A
Priority sequence. Because Aaron first describes the most challenging or critical issues, he is arranging
his report by priorities or level of importance. There is not enough information provided in the situation to
determine if Aaron's priorities were simple or complex or if they were addressed in chronological (timebased) order or in alphabetical order by category.
SOURCE: CO:086
SOURCE: Burke, A. (2018, June 29). Examples of methods of organization. Retrieved September 19,
2018, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/examples-methods-organization-18982.html
10. A
Receptive. An analytical report is a document that explains and evaluates an issue, opportunity, or
problem. Often, the analytical report includes recommendations for a business to take a certain course of
action. If the writer anticipates that most members of the audience are receptive and will agree with the
recommendations, then using a direct approach to structure the report is optimal. The direct approach
involves writing the report so it focuses the attention on the conclusions and recommendations. If the
writer anticipates a skeptical, argumentative, or indecisive audience, the indirect approach may be the
best way to structure the report. The indirect approach involves preparing a logical argument that
supports the recommendations and focuses on the rationale behind the recommendations. Intellect refers
to a person's level of understanding about a topic or concept, which varies per person and is not
necessarily related to the structure of the report.
SOURCE: CO:185
SOURCE: KU Writing Center. (n.d.). Writing informal and analytical reports. Retrieved September 19,
2018, from
http://writing.ku.edu/sites/writing.drupal.ku.edu/files/docs/Writing_Informational_Analytical_R
eports.pdf
11. A
Recommendations. A research report is a written document that summarizes an investigation related to a
particular issue or problem. The recommendations section is the proposed course of action, and it is the
last component presented in the report. The purpose of the study, which appears at the beginning of the
report, describes why the research is needed. The background or historical information is presented at
the beginning of the report and usually appears after the purpose of the study. The methodology section
of the report appears in the middle of the report and discusses the types of research tools used and why
they were selected.
SOURCE: CO:186
SOURCE: Paper Masters. (n.d.). Conclusions and recommendations. Retrieved September 19, 2018,
from http://www.papermasters.com/conclusions_recommendations.html

Test 1185

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

15

12. C
Face-to-face conversation. When discussing sensitive issues, face-to-face communication is the best
strategy because it is the richest form of communication and has the least risk of misinterpretation. If
Phoebe were to write an email, her employee may not understand her tone or meaning. A company-wide
memo is inappropriate because this is an issue that should be only between Phoebe and the employee in
question. Finally, video conferences are generally used when people are not in the same location and do
not offer any benefits that a face-to-face conversation does not provide.
SOURCE: CO:092
SOURCE: Fenell, Z. (2017, September 26). Importance of communication channels in business.
Retrieved September 19, 2018, from https://bizfluent.com/about-6511827-importancecommunication-channels-business.html
13. A
Be prepared to provide an update. It is important for a meeting participant to be prepared to present the
required information at a scheduled meeting. Being unprepared is unprofessional and inconsiderate of
the other participants' time. Without the necessary information, the meeting may need to be rescheduled.
Meeting participants should not monopolize the conversation. New company policies would be relevant
only if they affect the project. Otherwise, they should be communicated outside the project-status
meeting. It is not always necessary to take notes for the group.
SOURCE: CO:063
SOURCE: Lovering, C. (2016, October 26). Purpose of weekly status meetings. Retrieved September
19, 2018, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/purpose-weekly-status-meetings-76971.html
14. D
Be helpful. Roger is displaying helpfulness to this customer. He didn't know the answer to the customer's
question, but he immediately went into action to find the person who did. This situation does not illustrate
keeping promises, paying attention to internal customers (employees), or being thankful.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: LAP-CR-001—Accentuate the Positive (Nature of Customer Relations)
15. B
Business decision-making. In the past, customer relationship management (CRM) was used mainly as a
way to track and organize information about customers so a business could identify its most valuable
clients and tailor its marketing strategies to generate more revenue. Today, its uses have expanded, and it
is also considered an important tool in business decision-making. CRM is not typically considered a tool for
use in commercial investing, hiring new employees, or establishing connections with vendors. These are
not customer-focused activities.
SOURCE: CR:016
SOURCE: LAP-CR-016—Know When To Hold 'Em (Nature of Customer Relationship Management)
16. D
Ticket to football game. The ticket entitles its owner to watch a football game—an intangible activity
performed by others for a certain amount of money. The alternatives are examples of economic goodsphysical objects that are useful, scarce, and transferable.
SOURCE: EC:002
SOURCE: LAP-EC-010—Get the Goods on Goods and Services (Economic Goods and Services)
17. B
Bull dozers, photocopiers, and roads. Capital goods are manufactured or constructed items that are used
to produce goods and services. Bull dozers, photocopiers, roads, trucks, drum scanners, tractors, cranes,
refineries, and computers are types of capital goods. Laborers are human resources. Minerals and iron
ore are natural resources.
SOURCE: EC:003
SOURCE: LAP-EC-014—Be Resourceful (Economic Resources)

Test 1185

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

16

18. A
Share human resources. The matrix organizational structure involves integrated departmental functions
with product or project orientation. For example, a technology specialist, a marketing researcher, a
financial advisor, and a manufacturing line supervisor are members of different departments but often
work together to develop a product or improve a process. The advantage to businesses of using this
organizational structure is that the business is applying its resources efficiently because a representative
from each of the major departments provides a unique set of skills and knowledge to achieve the
business's goals. Often, workers have two or more supervisors in the matrix organizational design. The
matrix organizational design may improve the business's overall efficiency, but it does not always
improve an individual's productivity. Departmental organizational design segments employees by their
areas of expertise (e.g., accounting, sales, and production). Policies and procedures are developed to
standardize various business activities and tasks in all types of organizational designs.
SOURCE: EC:103
SOURCE: Griffin, R.W., & Moorhead, G. (2010). Organizational behavior: Managing people and
organizations (9th ed.) [pp. 453-455]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
19. C
Minimum wage. Government regulation of business includes regulating working conditions provided by
businesses. One such regulation involves minimum-wage laws that specify the lowest hourly wage that
businesses can pay workers. Zoning laws are intended to protect business property. The inspection of
food is intended to protect consumers. Government price supports maintain the price of a good or service
to enable the producers to earn a profit.
SOURCE: EC:008
SOURCE: LAP-EC-016—Regulate and Protect (Government and Business)
20. C
Ski boat. An excise tax is a special government tax on certain nonessential and luxury items (e.g., ski
boat) that is included in the price that consumers pay. Eggs, medication, and business computers are not
luxury items that are subject to an excise tax.
SOURCE: EC:072
SOURCE: LAP-EC-027—Pay Your Share (Business Taxes)
21. B
Third. During the third stage of production, the company sees negative returns. The first stage of
production produces increasing returns, while the second stage of production produces diminishing
returns. There is no fourth stage of production.
SOURCE: EC:023
SOURCE: LAP-EC-031—Know Your Limits (Law of Diminishing Returns)
22. A
Improved use of resources increases the GDP. For example, a vacant warehouse does not produce
revenue. If it is leased as office space, then the resource earns income. It is difficult to measure the GDP
accurately because of several factors, including the large amounts of information that are collected and
the problem of avoiding counting a good or service twice. A decrease in the GDP results in a lower
standard of living. The underground economy understates the GDP because no receipts are kept in
these transactions and they cannot be counted.
SOURCE: EC:017
SOURCE: LAP-EC-001—Measure Up? (Gross Domestic Product)
23. B
Countries that have engaged in war conflicts have difficulty establishing trust. When countries have a
history of war, it can be difficult for them to establish trust with other countries to make trade possible.
Countries speaking different languages represents a cultural difference. Countries that are adjacent to
each other may have more opportunities for conflict or friendship, but the situation does not relate to the
impact of the countries' history on world trade.
SOURCE: EC:115
SOURCE: Hughes, V. (2011, November 2). Cultures of trust. Retrieved September 19, 2018, from
http://insight.kellogg.northwestern.edu/article/cultures_of_trust

Test 1185

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

17

24. A
Discuss your feelings with someone you trust. Often, this is all that is necessary to restore your selfesteem. It is never helpful to your self-esteem to bottle up your feelings, withdraw from life, or go over
past mistakes repeatedly.
SOURCE: EI:016
SOURCE: Mind. (2016, June). How to increase your self-esteem. Retrieved September 19, 2018, from
https://www.mind.org.uk/information-support/types-of-mental-health-problems/selfesteem/#.W6JMQGhKiM8
25. C
Effort. Honest employees work during all of the hours for which they are paid. They do their fair share of
work no matter what their feelings of loyalty to the employer might be. Worry and concern are not
indicative of honesty and integrity.
SOURCE: EI:022
SOURCE: LAP-EI-138—Sincerely Yours (Demonstrating Honesty and Integrity)
26. C
Controlling environmental distractions. By taking steps to minimize distractions, Jacob can focus his full
attention on the most important work that he needs to accomplish. This helps him be more productive
and manage all of his work commitments effectively. Although a “to-do” list may help Jacob prioritize his
work, he is not developing the list in the situation provided, nor is he delegating work to others. Jacob is
not accepting telephone calls or checking email, but he may be using his computer to do other tasks such
as writing a report, or he may be making outgoing calls.
SOURCE: EI:077
SOURCE: LAP-EI-077—Commit to It! (Managing Commitments in a Timely Manner)
27. D
It keeps you from taking yourself too seriously. Having a sense of humor helps you maintain a positive
attitude because it keeps you from taking yourself too seriously. Being able to laugh at yourself and at
annoying things that happen is very good for your positive attitude. It helps you keep things in
perspective. Having a sense of humor does not have anything to do with hanging out with positive
people, staying healthy, or giving your appearance the attention it deserves.
SOURCE: EI:019
SOURCE: LAP-EI-003—Opt for Optimism (Positive Attitude)
28. D
Make an effort to remain calm. In some cases, acting calm will actually help you be calmer. Using
language to vent your anger indicates you have lost your self-control. Frowning and being defensive are
negative responses that will not help you maintain your self-control.
SOURCE: EI:025
SOURCE: LAP-EI-014—Control Yourself! (Demonstrating Self-Control)
29. B
Yourself. Feedback is evaluative information about you, your behavior, or the results of your behavior.
Internal feedback is feedback that comes from within yourself, and it may be negative or positive.
Friends, teachers, and employers are external sources of feedback.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: LAP-EI-015—Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)

Test 1185

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

18

30. C
Joe needed a pen, so he opened Ali's desk drawer to look for one while she was away. Employees
should not go through their coworkers' desks, files, correspondence, or personal belongings in the
workplace. To do so is a violation of privacy. When employees respect the privacy of others in the
workplace, they are more likely to gain the trust and respect of their coworkers and managers. Walking
away from a serious discussion and changing a document with the writer's approval are not violations of
privacy. Sending a personal email from work is not an invasion of privacy, but it is wasting company
resources because it is not business-related.
SOURCE: EI:029
SOURCE: Hamlin, K. (2017, July 5). Respecting a co-worker's personal space. Retrieved September
19, 2018, from https://careertrend.com/respecting-coworkers-personal-space-9496.html
31. D
They can change over time. Secondary dimensions of diversity are differences that may change at
various points throughout one's lifetime and include characteristics such as language, religion, income,
geographic location, family status, work experience, communication style, and education level. Physical
traits and mental aptitudes are primary dimensions of diversity, which are inborn differences that cannot
be changed. These differences include gender, age, race/ethnicity, etc. Subculture is a secondary group
within a dominant culture. For example, suppose that a U.S. citizen has parents of Chinese decent; the
Western culture is most likely the person's dominant culture, while his/her Chinese heritage represents a
subculture. A person's subculture may influence some of a person's secondary dimensions of diversity,
but it does not determine these dimensions.
SOURCE: EI:033
SOURCE: LAP-EI-033—Getting To Know You (Cultural Sensitivity)
32. B
Acknowledging her efforts. One way to motivate team members is to acknowledge their work
accomplishments either individually or in a group setting (e.g., meeting). When employees feel that
management appreciates their contributions to the company, they are often motivated to keep up the
good work. In this situation, Matthew is not providing Shelby with a monetary reward, giving Shelby new
job responsibilities, or supporting Shelby's ideas.
SOURCE: EI:059
SOURCE: Kostanyan, A. (2014, September 22). 15 effective ways to motivate your team. Retrieved
September 19, 2018, from http://www.huffingtonpost.com/anush-kostanyan/15-effectiveways-to-moti_b_5854242.html
33. D
Self-awareness. Frank is demonstrating self-awareness. Self-awareness is a person's knowledge of
his/her own emotions. Each of us perceives the world through a unique set of values and beliefs. If you
know what is important to you, your awareness will give you the confidence you need to respond
appropriately. Self-management is the ability to direct and control one's emotions in a way that is
purposeful. Social awareness is the ability to know and understand others' emotions. Social management
is the ability to respond effectively to others' emotions.
SOURCE: EI:009
SOURCE: LAP-EI-016—Lead the Way (Concept of Leadership)
34. C
Generate innovative ideas. Collaboration involves working together in a cooperative manner. Colleagues
from different departments often collaborate with one another to accomplish business goals. An
advantage of collaboration is that colleagues from different departments have different perspectives,
which can help generate innovative ideas for developing new products, improving processes, increasing
productivity, and solving problems. Collaboration may reduce conflict, but it does not prevent it from ever
happening. Although a little friendly competition among colleagues might positively affect some business
activities, highly competitive attitudes tend to reduce trust and create a negative work environment. The
goal of collaboration is interdependence (relying on one another) rather than acting independently
(without others' input).
SOURCE: EI:061
SOURCE: DuBrin, A. (2010). Leadership: Research findings, practice, and skills (6th ed.) [pp. 339-340].
Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.

Test 1185

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

19

35. B
Foreign exchange rate fluctuations. Foreign exchange rate risk occurs when the value of an investment
fluctuates due to changes in a currency's exchange rate. When a domestic currency appreciates against
a foreign currency, profits earned in the foreign country will decrease after being exchanged back to the
domestic currency. John's profits were greater in the foreign currency than in domestic currency because
of fluctuations in the exchange rate between the two currencies. International trade agreements, political
unrest, and the cost of international unionized labor are all factors that business owners should consider
before engaging in international business, but John did not experience them in this situation.
SOURCE: EN:041
SOURCE: Beers, B. (2018, January 11). The risks businesses face in international finance. Retrieved
September 19, 2018, from
http://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/06/internationalfinancerisks.asp
36. C
Account balance requirement. Financial institutions often require customers to maintain a certain amount
of money in their bank accounts. The account holder may be charged fees if the minimal account balance
requirements are not met. Direct payroll deposit, overdraft protection, and online transaction options are
benefits or services that many types of checking-account products offer that customers may need to pay
fees to obtain.
SOURCE: FI:058
SOURCE: Zacks. (2018, May 10). Advantages and disadvantages of savings and checking accounts.
Retrieved September 14, 2018, from https://finance.zacks.com/advantages-disadvantagessavings-checking-accounts-3843.html
37. A
Time-value of money. Due to the time-value of money, any certain amount of money (such as Justine's
$5,000) is worth more now than later as a result of its earning potential. Rather than letting her uncle
keep the $5,000 until next year, Justine is wise to take the money now and put it in a deposit-bearing
savings account. That way, Justine can earn more money ($300, to be precise) on the money from her
uncle. A dividend reinvestment plan (also known as a DRIP) is a method used by many investors to grow
their investments more quickly. It involves using stock dividends to purchase more shares of that stock.
Capital budgeting is the process that a firm's financial managers use to determine which projects to
invest in. The accrual accounting method involves recording transactions at the time they occur even if
no money changes hands at the time.
SOURCE: FI:270
SOURCE: Carther, S. (2017, May 18). Understanding the time value of money. Retrieved September
19, 2018, from http://www.investopedia.com/articles/03/082703.asp#axzz2BZGrTRpM
38. D
Obtain a bank loan. Banks obtain credit reports to make decisions about providing loans; therefore, it is
important for individuals to periodically review the accuracy of their credit reports. By obtaining copies of
their credit reports from an authorized credit agency, individuals can identify problems and take corrective
action. Information presented in a credit report does not affect an individual's ability to withdraw money
from a savings account, pay monthly credit card balances, or earn interest on stock holdings.
SOURCE: FI:072
SOURCE: Irby, L. (2018, May 1). What is a credit report and why is it important? Retrieved September
19, 2018, from https://www.thebalance.com/what-is-a-credit-report-and-why-is-it-important960448
39. D
Obtain insurance. Risk is the possibility of loss. There are many ways to reduce the possibility of loss.
One way to reduce the possibility of loss is by transferring the risk, which is done by obtaining insurance.
Insurance is a contractual agreement in which one company (insurer) will pay for specified losses
incurred by the other company (insured) in return for installment payments (premium). Implementing
security measures, checking for hazards, and screening employees are ways to control and prevent
certain types of risks.
SOURCE: FI:081
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 807-808).
Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.

Test 1185

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

20

40. A
To compare estimated performance with actual performance. Businesses rely on accurate financial
information to make sound business decisions. In the situation provided, Emma is comparing one
financial report (budget) with another financial report (actual sales) to determine if the business
performed as expected—if it achieved its sales goals. Although external economic conditions can affect
sales, Emma is analyzing internal financial information rather than identifying external economic trends.
Emma is not establishing new quality standards and benchmarks or analyzing the impact of aging
accounts.
SOURCE: FI:579
SOURCE: LAP-FI-009—By the Numbers (The Need for Financial Information)
41. D
Keep this information confidential. Confidentiality is the practice of keeping information secret or private.
Accountants have a legal responsibility to protect their clients' information. Tatiana should therefore keep
information about her company's upcoming merger confidential. Tatiana does not necessarily have any
control over whether or not the merger benefits the public interest. There is no indication that Tatiana has
a conflict of interest that would require her to maintain her independence. Also, there is no indication that
Tatiana should report the information about the merger to the SEC.
SOURCE: FI:351
SOURCE: LAP-FI-351—With Due Care (The Role of Ethics in Accounting)
42. D
Buildings, vehicles, and capital equipment. A balance sheet is a financial statement that captures the
financial condition of the business at that particular moment. The balance sheet shows a business's
assets, liabilities, and owner's equity. Long-term assets are items of value—buildings, vehicles, and
capital equipment—that businesses use to generate revenue for more than a year. Inventory and cash
are listed as current or short-term assets, which involve levels that tend to fluctuate. The mortgage is a
long-term liability, and accounts payable (e.g., insurance premiums) are current liabilities.
SOURCE: FI:093
SOURCE: LAP-FI-010—The Right Balance (The Nature of Balance Sheets)
43. C
$545,100. A company's free cash flow represents the funds available for internal growth and expansion.
It also indicates how well the company is managing its money. A positive free cash flow is usually a sign
that the company is practicing responsible money management, which can result in increased
shareholder yield. A negative free cash flow, however, indicates that the company needs to look for more
and/or other sources of funding. To calculate the free cash flow, we first need to determine the
company's capital expenditures by adding together the net cash used by investing and the net cash used
by financing ($690,000 + $140,300 = $830,300). Finally, subtract the total capital expenditures from the
cash flow from operations ($1,375,400 - $830,300 = $545,100). So, the company brought in $545,100
more than it spent.
SOURCE: FI:541
SOURCE: Vane, J. (2017, September 26). How to calculate free cash flow. Retrieved September 19,
2018, from https://bizfluent.com/how-2364074-calculate-free-cash-flow.html
44. D
Globalization. A growing trend toward globalization is one of many business trends that affects HR
management activities. Costs of business are going up. Companies are often restructuring to save
money. And, new technologies seem to pop up overnight.
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: LAP-HR-035—People Pusher (Nature of Human Resources Management)

Test 1185

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

21

45. A
"Shadowing" a person in your desired career. "Shadowing" or following a person in your desired career
as s/he moves through a work day (or week or month) is an example of receiving tacit knowledge. Tacit
knowledge is hard to explain in words or through writing—being "on the job" with an expert is a great way
to receive his/her knowledge by experiencing it firsthand. Reading a history textbook, listening to an
instructor's lecture, and following a recipe are all examples of receiving explicit knowledge—knowledge
that is easy to transfer through words.
SOURCE: KM:001
SOURCE: LAP-KM-001—Know Go (The Nature of Knowledge Management)
46. D
Self-interest can prevent effective knowledge management. While the benefits of sharing knowledge are
undeniable, sometimes it can be tempting to keep your personal knowledge to yourself. Bailey is tempted
to keep her digital marketing knowledge to herself because she doesn't want to lose her competitive
edge. Therefore, she is not effectively sharing her knowledge with others. This is not an example of how
it is impossible to get ahead in your career if you share knowledge. It is also not an example of how
knowledge management prevents unethical behavior. Finally, this example does not demonstrate how
sharing knowledge builds stronger relationships.
SOURCE: KM:002
SOURCE: LAP-KM-002—Know What's Right (Ethics in Knowledge Management)
47. D
Patent. Intellectual property is intangible business assets that result from thinking processes. Businesses
can obtain legal protection of their intellectual property from the government. A patent is legal protection
for a product or process, such as a production process. The patent is granted to the inventor or owner for
a specific number of years and is a legal means of preventing the product from being recreated and
distributed by unauthorized entities. Copyrights legally protect written documents and artistic
compositions. A trademark is legal protection for a symbol, design, or word (name) that a business uses
to identify its brand.
SOURCE: KM:004
SOURCE: World Intellectual Property Organization. (n.d.). What is intellectual property? Retrieved
September 19, 2018, from http://www.wipo.int/about-ip/en/
48. B
Exit interview. The purpose of an exit interview is to gain feedback from an employee who is leaving the
business. The feedback can provide managers with knowledge about how they can help replacements
become acclimated to the job. The feedback can also provide management with ideas for improving
processes and increasing efficiency and job satisfaction. Concept mapping is a method of clarifying and
organizing ideas by using a graphic format to show relationships. Codification is the process of
classifying or assigning value to certain ideas, statements, or data. Tammy may have used concept
mapping or data codification techniques to organize Seth's feedback after the exit interview. Training
involves providing new hires and employees with education to perform their jobs.
SOURCE: KM:005
SOURCE: Knowledge Sharing Toolkit. (2018, July 8). Exit interviews. Retrieved September 19, 2018,
from http://www.kstoolkit.org/Exit+Interviews
49. A
Cultural influences. Cultural influences have the strongest effect on a consumer's buying behavior, even
stronger than social influences, individual influences, and situational influences.
SOURCE: MK:014
SOURCE: LAP-MK-006—Cause and Effect (Buying Behavior)

Test 1185

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

22

50. B
Bob's new employer asks him to share confidential information about product-development processes
that his previous employer uses. In many situations, employers require employees to sign a
nondisclosure agreement, which is a promise to maintain the confidentiality of the business's trade
secrets. Bob's new employer is asking him to break the promise that he made to his previous employer
and share the information, which presents an ethical dilemma for Bob. Mailing a product catalog and
price list to a customer, discussing work plans with coworkers, and providing a customer with accurate
information about a company's privacy policy are ethical actions.
SOURCE: NF:111
SOURCE: Rocket Lawyer. (2016). NDA 101: What is a non-disclosure agreement? Retrieved
September 20, 2018 from https://www.rocketlawyer.com/form/non-disclosure-agreement.rl#/
51. A
Maintain the confidentiality of the stored information. Businesses that store customers' personal banking
information are legally required to keep the information confidential. It is illegal to provide personal bank
account information with any other party without the customers' permission.
SOURCE: NF:076
SOURCE: Federal Trade Commission. (2015, January 7). How to comply with the privacy of consumer
financial information rule of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. Retrieved September 19, 2018,
from https://www.ftc.gov/tips-advice/business-center/guidance/how-comply-privacyconsumer-financial-information-rule-gramm
52. C
Operating system. The computer's operating system consists of the components needed to run all of the
computer applications and programs. The power cords connect the computer's central processing unit
(CPU) to the electrical supply needed to turn on and operate the computer system. Navigation keys (e.g.,
arrow keys) are the function keys on the computer keyboard that enable a computer user to move around
the computer screen. A modem is a device that connects the computer to the Internet. It sends and
receives information via a telephone or cable line.
SOURCE: NF:085
SOURCE: Goodwill Community Foundation. (1998-2016). Computer basics: Understanding operating
systems. Retrieved September 19, 2018, from http://www.gcflearnfree.org/computerbasics/2
53. A
Performs interrelated functions. Integrated software applications consist of two or more related computer
programs that work together to record information or perform specific business tasks or functions. For
example, Microsoft Office combines a variety of programs that perform word-processing, spreadsheet,
slideshow presentation, desktop publishing, and database functions. Some integrated software packages
are customized to perform interrelated activities for a specific industry, such as travel and hospitality. Not
all integrated software packages calculate break-even points or include forecasting tools. Because
integrated software options vary, the level of training that users need also varies.
SOURCE: NF:088
SOURCE: Techopedia. (2018). Integrated software. Retrieved September 19, 2018, from
https://www.techopedia.com/definition/7748/integrated-software
54. B
Critical path. Many project-management software packages incorporate the critical path methodology into
their programs. The critical path methodology uses algorithms to determine timelines, develops
schedules for complex project activities, and proposes scheduling contingency plans, which reduce
project delays. Presentation software creates computer-generated visual aids that support oral
presentations. Demonstration and linear are not components of project management software.
SOURCE: NF:130
SOURCE: Smartsheet. (2018, August 23). The ultimate guide to the critical path method. Retrieved
September 19, 2018, from https://www.smartsheet.com/critical-path-method

Test 1185

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

23

55. D
Forecast sales. An invoice is the formal, printed record of a sale that includes all necessary information
as to the buyer, the seller, items purchased, amounts, prices, delivery date, credit or discount terms, etc.
By analyzing past sales records such as invoices, a business can determine what its customers are
buying, when they are buying, and how much they are buying. This helps a business forecast future
sales so it can be prepared to offer the products that customers want. Businesses do not review their
invoices to evaluate ideas, execute promotions, or improve service.
SOURCE: NF:002
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L. (2012). Marketing (3rd ed.) [pp. 562-563]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage
Learning.
56. C
Cash flow. By monitoring its cash flow statement, Maxton Mart knows when it is running short on cash
and can take needed steps to alleviate upcoming cash shortages. If necessary, Maxton Mart should be
prepared to take out a short-term loan to cover inventory costs. The income statement provides a picture
of a business's profit or loss conditions. The balance sheet shows a snapshot of the business's assets,
liabilities, and owner's equity. Open-to-buy documents indicate how much money the business has to
invest in additional inventory.
SOURCE: NF:014
SOURCE: PowerHomeBiz.com. (2018). Good record keeping for your small business. Retrieved
September 19, 2018, from https://www.powerhomebiz.com/financing-abusiness/accounting/good-record-keeping-for-your-small-business.htm
57. A
Society and culture. Social trends currently affecting business decision-making include a growing need
for convenience, increased concern for fitness and health, an emphasis on going green, and changing
family roles, such as an increased number of fathers caring for their children. Demographics are the
physical and social characteristics of the population, such as age, gender, income, employment status,
etc. Personal finances may contribute to a father's decision to personally care for his children but do not
represent an economic impact on a business. An increase in the number of fathers personally caring for
their children does not represent competition for a business unless that business happens to be a day
care service.
SOURCE: NF:015
SOURCE: LAP-NF-015—Get the 4-1-1 (Conducting an Environmental Scan)
58. C
Local building codes. Building codes govern the construction and maintenance of a facility's structure.
Jurisdictions develop building codes to ensure that the facility meets a minimal set of standards to protect
the safety of facility's occupants and visitors. Electrical wiring, water lines, the grade of construction
materials, and the placement of the building's exits are types of things that building codes regulate and
monitor. A business that fails to meet building codes may be fined and closed until the problems are
fixed. Trade laws regulate the exchange of goods and services between jurisdictions (e.g.,
states/provinces, countries). Affirmative action is an effort to give special employment consideration to
disadvantaged groups. Electronic communication regulations govern the appropriate use of electronic
communication methods, such as telephone surveillance.
SOURCE: OP:339
SOURCE: BuildingsGuide.com. (2018). State building codes. Retrieved September 19, 2018, from
https://www.buildingsguide.com/blog/resources-building-codes-state/
59. D
Padding an expense account. Employee pilferage involves the taking of small amounts or small articles
without the consent of the company. That is what occurs when an employee pads his/her expense
account. Having authorization to change the amount specified on a check is not pilferage. Installing
personally owned software on your computer may violate company policies; however, it does not
represent employee pilferage. Hacking into a competitor's computer network to obtain trade secrets is a
computer crime, rather than pilferage.
SOURCE: OP:013
SOURCE: Business Practical Knowledge. (2011, March 4). Employee theft. Retrieved September 19,
2018, from https://businesspracticalknowledge.wordpress.com/legal-security/employee-theft/

Test 1185

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

24

60. A
Set the security alarm; locks the doors. Businesses install locks and security alarms to protect their
facilities from theft and burglary. Depending on the business's procedures, the last employee to leave for
the day should set the security alarm and lock the door. In some situations, the security alarm can be set
with a remote device after the employee leaves the building and locks the doors. Turning off the lights
and adjusting the thermostat will not protect the building from unlawful entry. Turning on a surveillance
camera may deter and identify thieves and burglars, but this will not prevent them from entering the
building.
SOURCE: OP:152
SOURCE: WikiHow. (2018, March 7). How to protect your business property against theft. Retrieved
September 19, 2018, from http://www.wikihow.com/Protect-Your-Business-Property-AgainstTheft
61. B
Due dates of tasks. Prioritizing involves ranking things in the order of their relative importance.
Employees evaluate many factors when prioritizing their work, including the task's due date and the time
that it will take to complete the task. For example, if an employee needs to submit an advertisement to a
publication by the end of the day, and it takes six hours to create the advertisement, then the employee
will need to work on the advertisement before s/he works on anything else that takes a lot of time to
complete. Task enjoyment, coworkers' opinions, and the employee's aptitude are not important factors
that employees should consider when they prioritize their work tasks.
SOURCE: OP:228
SOURCE: Cohen, J. (n.d.). How to prioritize all your work. Retrieved September 19, 2018, from
http://www.solveyourproblem.com/time-management/how_to_prioritize_work.shtml
62. D
Desired outcomes for the project. It is important for managers to clearly explain the desired outcomes
and goals of each project that they delegate to other employees, or else employees will not know the
purpose of their work. It would be inappropriate for a manager to include the staff rules and
consequences for breaking them while explaining delegated assignments. It would also be inappropriate
to explain the punishment for failing to meet an assignment's deadline, since this would most likely
intimidate employees and place unnecessary pressure on them. A manager should not value the quantity
of work over the quality of work; therefore, this would not be appropriate to say to employees.
SOURCE: OP:354
SOURCE: Economy, P. (2018, May 31). Delegation is an art (and here are 9 simple ways to do it
better). Retrieved September 19, 2018, from https://www.inc.com/peter-economy/delegationis-an-art-and-here-are-9-simple-ways-to-do-it-better.html
63. B
Scope. A project's scope is what the project will and will not include. A plan is an outline of what will be
done and how it will be accomplished. Risk is the possibility of loss or gain. Quality is the degree of
excellence of a good or service.
SOURCE: OP:519
SOURCE: LAP-OP-519—Plan On It! (Planning Projects)
64. A
Planning. A project is any type of undertaking or task that has a distinct beginning and end. A project plan
is a specific course of action (plan) for accomplishing the project's objectives. Project planning is the
process of determining which resources (human, financial, materials) the business needs to complete the
project and how those resources will be used. The advantage to project planning is that the business is
more likely to achieve the project's objectives because the planner has obtained the necessary resources
to complete the project before starting to work on it. Examples of projects that businesses plan might
include training programs, marketing research, information analysis, and inventory control.
SOURCE: OP:001
SOURCE: Project Management Institute (2013). A guide to the project management body of
knowledge: PMBOK guide (5th ed.) [pp. 53-54]. Newtown Square, PA: Project Management
Institute.

Test 1185

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

25

65. C
Quality. Quality is the degree of excellence of a good or service. Purchasing personnel try to buy needed
goods and services at the lowest possible price provided that quality does not suffer. Buying poor-quality
goods at a low price is not efficient and may be costly to a business in terms of lost production or
customer dissatisfaction. Loyalty is faithfulness. Security is safety from danger or risk. Publicity is any
nonpersonal presentation of ideas, goods, or services that is not paid for by the company which receives
it.
SOURCE: OP:015
SOURCE: LAP-OP-002—Buy Right (Purchasing)
66. B
Maintain long-term relationships. To establish favorable relationships with vendors, both the company
and its vendors must receive something they want. Companies must be willing to work with vendors to
achieve mutual goals. To achieve their mutual goals, the company and its vendors should be willing to
share relevant information, negotiate fairly and compromise, and be trustworthy and reliable. By taking
these actions, the company and its vendors are less likely to experience serious conflicts. A good
working relationship can facilitate profitability for both the company and the vendor, but does not always
double a company's profit margin.
SOURCE: OP:241
SOURCE: Bolander, J. (2010, May 31). How to build strong vendor and supplier relationships.
Retrieved September 19, 2018, from http://www.thedailymba.com/2010/05/31/how-to-buildstrong-vendor-and-supplier-relationships/
67. B
The company will be able to purchase more materials and increase production. If a purchaser is able to
negotiate lower prices for the necessary raw materials, the company will be able to purchase more
materials for the same amount of money. Therefore, the company will be able to produce more products.
Negotiating lower prices would not necessarily limit the type of materials that can be purchased.
Increases in productivity do not necessarily lead to higher costs. Finally, communication processes do
not necessarily improve based on the negotiation of lower prices.
SOURCE: OP:247
SOURCE: Root, G.N. (2018). How can functions of the operations manager increase productivity?
Retrieved September 19, 2018, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/can-functionsoperations-manager-increase-productivity-11747.html
68. A
To replenish its regularly-stocked items. A straight reorder is a purchase order in which the business
orders normally-stocked items to replenish items that have been used or sold. Orders that are placed to
accommodate customers' unique requests are special orders. A modified rebuy is a type of order in
which there are changes in the quantities or styles of items that are routinely ordered. Seasonal
merchandise includes items the businesses order and sell during specific times of the year when demand
is high. Large retailers often use blanket orders to purchase seasonal goods (e.g., holiday gift-giving
season).
SOURCE: OP:250
SOURCE: Berman, B., & Evans, J.R. (2013). Retail management: A strategic approach (12th ed.) [pp.
417-418]. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Education, Inc.
69. D
To sell it to end users. Businesses keep different types of inventory on hand for different reasons. If the
business sells the goods that it buys to end users, it is resale stock. For example, an appliance-store
chain (retailer) buys stoves, refrigerators, and dishwashers from manufacturers, and sells the items to
consumers. Items such as parts (e.g., nails) and raw materials (e.g., wood) are used to produce
manufactured goods. Businesses also maintain an inventory of supplies (office, cleaning) for employees
to use to complete their work.
SOURCE: OP:336
SOURCE: Reference for Business. (2018). Inventory types. Retrieved September 19, 2018, from
http://www.referenceforbusiness.com/management/Int-Loc/Inventory-Types.html

Test 1185

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

26

70. C
Assess vendors' strengths and weaknesses. By assessing a vendor's strengths and weaknesses before
entering a negotiation, a business can plan strategies to use that will strengthen its own position during
the negotiating process. Planning and developing effective strategies can help the business obtain
desired discounts, favorable service options, or cooperative advertising support. And, the business may
make fewer concessions during the negotiation because it analyzed the vendor's capabilities before
beginning negotiations. To obtain a favorable agreement, the business should strive for a win-win
attitude. Adopting a win-lose attitude and using overly aggressive tactics may backfire, and prevent both
parties from getting what they want from the negotiation.
SOURCE: OP:337
SOURCE: Young Entrepreneur Council. (2016). 13 tips for negotiating with suppliers. Retrieved
September 18, 2018, from http://www.inc.com/young-entrepreneur-council/tips-fornegotiating-with-a-supplier.html
71. C
Determining whether to approve or reject an entire batch of products. Acceptance sampling is a part of
statistical quality control that involves taking a random sample and determining whether to accept or
reject the entire batch of products. Filling out control charts is part of statistical process control.
Identifying the cause of quality problems is not a part of acceptance sampling. Descriptive statistics are a
separate part of statistical quality control.
SOURCE: OP:163
SOURCE: LAP-OP-008—Take Control (Quality-Control Measures)
72. C
Promotional needs. Business analysis is the process of investigating and evaluating an issue, problem,
process, or approach that affects the business. Analysis can help a business determine how to achieve
its goals. Because the data and information that Mitchell is evaluating is related to an advertising
campaign, he is evaluating a promotional issue—he is determining the best way to communicate product
information to the target market. Although available human (internal and external) and financial resources
are factors that Mitchell might consider as part of the analysis, the primary purpose is promotional rather
than evaluating the business's operating schedule or its human resources.
SOURCE: OP:327
SOURCE: Gannon, D. (2011, August 11). How to choose an advertising agency. Retrieved September
14, 2018, from http://www.inc.com/guides/201108/how-to-choose-an-advertising-agency.html
73. D
Human. People can have a large impact on the design of a process. Stress, employee morale, and
fatigue are common human factors that can influence process design. If the Internet and cable company
wants to increase its customer-service phone line hours, it will need to consider that its employees may
not be able to take on any extra work or may become fatigued from the extra hours. Regulatory and
environmental factors that affect process design include government regulations and the political or
social environment surrounding a company. Technological factors include the cost of necessary
equipment or technology.
SOURCE: OP:475
SOURCE: Taylor, H. (2017, September 26). Factors that affect process design. Retrieved September
16, 2018, from http://www.ehow.com/list_7444011_factors-affect-process-design.html
74. D
Allowing inventory to be monitored regularly. Technology such as enterprise resource systems allows
inventory to be constantly monitored and automatically alerts businesses when levels are running low.
Technology does not eliminate the need for supplier relationships, cause disruptions in the supply chain,
or increase warehouse storage costs.
SOURCE: OP:478
SOURCE: Business Development Bank of Canada. (n.d.) How to implement just-in-time inventory
management. Retrieved September 16, 2018, from https://www.bdc.ca/en/articlestools/operations/inventory-management/pages/inventory-management-build-smoothersupply-chain.aspx

Test 1185

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

27

75. D
Materials and information; organizations. Supply chain networks refer to the movement of supplies and
knowledge among members of a network. Supply chain networks do not involve the movement of
employees and customers among governments, government officials among Fortune 500 companies, or
classified information among protest groups.
SOURCE: OP:479
SOURCE: Adaptalift Hyster. (2011, September 27). What is a supply chain network? Retrieved
September 13, 2018, from http://www.aalhysterforklifts.com.au/index.php/about/blogpost/what_is_a_supply_chain_network
76. D
Language barriers. It is important for companies to consider the risks associated with global supply chain
networks before engaging in international trade. In this example, the miscommunication between two
individuals of different languages led to a delivery delay—in other words, there was a language barrier.
Accountability and compliance, time zone differences, and cultural conflicts are all serious risks
associated with global supply chains, but they are not illustrated in this example.
SOURCE: OP:480
SOURCE: Brosch, A. (2015, July). 6 global supply chain challenges to ignore at your own risk.
Retrieved September 13, 2018, from http://www.inboundlogistics.com/cms/article/6-globalsupply-chain-challenges-to-ignore-at-your-own-risk/
77. B
An effective laptop security policy. Employees should be held accountable for the digital assets housed
on their computers. One way to achieve this is by requiring employees to sign a detailed and effective
laptop security policy that provides employees with best practices to ensure laptop security. Encryption
software is more likely to protect digital assets from outsiders and/or criminals rather than holding
employees accountable. Project management software is not necessarily related to protecting digital
assets. Background checks will not necessarily help hold employees accountable for protecting digital
assets.
SOURCE: OP:517
SOURCE: WinEncrypt. (n.d.). Protecting digital assets in the modern organization. Retrieved
September 13, 2018, from
http://www.winencrypt.com/downloads/resources/whitepapers/WinEncrypt_protecting_digital
_assets.pdf
78. D
Scan the drive for viruses before opening it. External devices can carry viruses that can allow customer
data to be exposed to threats. Scanning the USB for viruses can detect any threats before the data is
exposed, protecting private customer information. Refusing to open the files isn't necessarily a
reasonable action because Riley needs to view the files in one way or another. Deleting customer
information is not practical because the information is probably necessary to the company's success.
Finally, firing the design firm is an unreasonable response because the firm did not necessarily do
anything to warrant such action.
SOURCE: OP:518
SOURCE: StaySafeOnilne.org. (2018). Protect your customers. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from
https://staysafeonline.org/business-safe-online/protect-your-customers
79. B
Knowing how she works best. Olivia is taking steps to reduce distractions that may affect her ability to
complete her work tasks in a timely manner. She is not dividing large projects into smaller parts, making
the most of her down time, or focusing on personal goals rather than work tasks.
SOURCE: PD:019
SOURCE: LAP-PD-001—About Time (Time Management)

Test 1185

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

28

80. B
Allison focuses on her work tasks so she can meet her deadlines. Businesses have basic expectations
regarding their employees' behavior in the workplace. Employers expect employees to arrive at work on
time; perform their work accurately and efficiently; be honest; and exhibit respect for coworkers,
customers, and company property. Because Allison is focused on her work and strives to meet her
deadlines, she is meeting her employer's expectations. Engaging in idle chitchat and texting during a
meeting are disrespectful actions that waste the company's time and money. Confiding in a customer
about problems with coworkers is inappropriate behavior.
SOURCE: PD:020
SOURCE: Lockhart, K. (2013, June). Employer expectations: Just what do they want? Retrieved
September 18, 2018, from http://www.letsgettoworkwi.org/wpcontent/uploads/2013/05/Employer-Expectations-by-Kristi-Lockhart.pdf
81. C
Supply chain management. Supervising the transportation, storage, and handling of a company's product
is a supply chain management job duty. This is not a job duty for business analytics, human resources
management, or office management.
SOURCE: PD:297
SOURCE: LAP-PD-019—Career Opportunities in Business Management and Administration
82. B
Left for a better job. When providing information about previous jobs, you should present a positive
picture of yourself and your former employers. Avoid saying anything that puts you or a former employer
in a negative light. Therefore, comments such as "unable to get along with supervisor," "unfair
supervisor," and "unpleasant working environment" should be avoided. Telling a potential employer that
you left to find a better job says nothing negative about your abilities or those of former employers.
SOURCE: PD:027
SOURCE: GFCLearnFree. (1998-2018). Job applications: Completing a job application. Retrieved
September 18, 2018, from https://www.gcflearnfree.org/jobapplications/completing-a-jobapplication/1/.
83. B
Professional networking. Networking is the process of exchanging information with others for the purpose
of professional or business development and/or advancement. In the example, Marcus took advantage of
a social situation to discuss his professional development or needs with Lynette. The situation presented
is not an example of etiquette (exhibiting manners), interviewing, or community resourcing.
SOURCE: PD:037
SOURCE: Speisman, S. (2018, February 28). Ten tips for successful business networking. Retrieved
September 18, 2018, from http://www.businessknowhow.com/tips/networking.htm
84. A
The variety of its goods and services. Organizational goals are the overall objectives or desired outcomes
that the business wants to achieve. Businesses set different types of organizational goals. Product goals
involve setting standards for various characteristics of the business's products—quality, style, durability,
variety, etc. Expenses and income are budgeting (financial) considerations. Establishing guidelines for
workplace behavior are human resources goals. Consumer goals involve setting standards and
objectives to accommodate the target market's needs, wants, and expectations.
SOURCE: PD:254
SOURCE: Joseph, C. (2018). What are the benefits of goal setting? Retrieved September 18, 2018,
from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/benefits-goal-setting-2511.html

Test 1185

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

29

85. B
Work assignment, task, and subtask. Work breakdown structure (WBS) is the process of dividing project
tasks into meaningful components to complete the project. Dividing the entire project into smaller
components helps the project manager effectively schedule, assign, and monitor complex project
activities. When dividing the work, the project manager first divides the entire project into work
assignments. Then, each work assignment is broken down by the tasks that the assignment requires for
completion. In some situations, each task has subtasks that need to be completed before moving on to
the next task.
SOURCE: PJ:006
SOURCE: Workbreakdownstructure.com. (2018). Work breakdown structure (WBS). Retrieved
September 14, 2018, from http://www.workbreakdownstructure.com/
86. C
Keeping the project on track. During the execution phase, the project manager is responsible for ensuring
that tasks are performed correctly, taking corrective action if problems occur, and keeping the project on
track in terms of schedule and scope. During the planning phase of a project, the project manager
develops the work breakdown structure, which involves developing work packages and tasks. Acquiring
supplies and equipment and assembling a steering committee (if needed) are also activities that occur
during the planning phase of a project.
SOURCE: PJ:009
SOURCE: Project Management Institute. (2013). A guide to the project management body of
knowledge (PMBOK guide) (5th ed.) [pp. 52-57]. Newtown Square, PA: Project Management
Institute.
87. D
Tamara recognizes how hard her team is working, so she provides lunch for the team members. Effective
project managers motivate their team members to reach project milestones and goals. Motivation often
involves offering rewards (e.g., lunch), which expresses the project manager's appreciation for the team's
hard work and can encourage team members to keep striving to achieve the team's goals. Marcus is
providing Thomas with evaluative feedback and guidance. Ryan is delegating duties to Samantha. Zoey
is communicating information to team members.
SOURCE: PJ:007
SOURCE: Daskal, L. (2014, November 26). 20 ways to reward your employees without spending a
dime. Retrieved September 19, 2018, from https://www.inc.com/lolly-daskal/20-ways-toreward-your-employees-without-spending-a-dime.html
88. B
Conduct a post-implementation review. After the stakeholders receive the project deliverables, the project
manager develops a post-implementation review. The post-implementation review is a formal, detailed
assessment of the completed project in relation to the project's objectives. The document assesses the
project's budgets, deadlines, and processes, as well as the stakeholders' satisfaction with the results or
deliverables. The lessons-learned document summarizes the project's successes and failures. Project
managers often refer to the lessons-learned document when working on similar projects. A project-issues
log is a documentation of problems or challenges that occur during the execution phase of the project.
Lisa was not composing final delivery instructions.
SOURCE: PJ:008
SOURCE: Lewinson, M. (2011, January 17). Project closure template—Key steps to closing a project.
Retrieved September 19, 2018, from http://www.mymanagementguide.com/project-closuretemplate-key-steps-to-closing-a-project/
89. A
Produces only 3.4 defects per million parts. A popular quality management framework is Six Sigma,
named for the statistical term that indicates only 3.4 defects per million. PDCA uses the plan-do-checkadjust approach. ITIL uses an IT-oriented approach. The company has not created its own quality
management framework.
SOURCE: QM:002
SOURCE: University Alliance. (2018). What is six sigma? Retrieved September 18, 2018, from
http://www.villanovau.com/resources/six-sigma/what-is-six-sigma/#.VsXLE_IrKUk

Test 1185

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

30

90. C
Increased revenue. Continuous improvement is an ongoing process that looks for ways to increase the
levels of excellence in relation to a process, good, or service. Potential benefits of improved processes
often increase productivity, which lowers costs and increases revenue. When quality improves, customer
satisfaction levels often increase, which often results in a higher demand for the business's goods and
services.
SOURCE: QM:003
SOURCE: Taylor, H. (2017, September 26). Benefits of continuous quality improvement (CQI).
Retrieved September 18, 2018, from https://bizfluent.com/facts-5317408-benefitscontinuous-quality-improvement-cqi.html
91. C
A conflict of interest. Because Madelyn's brother works for a potential vendor, Madelyn may not be able
to be objective and neutral when making a final selection for her employer's new payroll-processing
provider. When selecting a vendor, it is important to be objective and consider all of the advantages,
disadvantages, and potential risks with each candidate. A vendor that has not worked with large
companies may not have the resources readily available to provide adequate service. Because Madelyn
has a conflict of interest in this situation, she may want to seek input from her managers or formally
request that someone else make the final decision. The situation presented does not involve an ethical
issue related to financial reporting methodology, levels of service, or the company's structure.
SOURCE: RM:041
SOURCE: Monash University. (2012, May 30). Examples of conflicts of interest and guidelines for
action. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from http://www.adm.monash.edu.au/workplacepolicy/conduct-compliance/examples.html
92. C
Saves information when computer failures occur. Backup procedures involve saving the business's
computer information at set intervals. If the computer system is damaged or fails to operate correctly, the
backup is available to retrieve stored information so the business can continue to operate. The backup
reduces the risk of losing all types of information—financial, shipping, ordering, human resources, etc.
The purpose for implementing backup procedures is not to prevent hacking, detect noncompliance, or
allow employees to access multiple applications, although there are various software applications that
specifically address those issues.
SOURCE: RM:042
SOURCE: Marks, G. (2010, July 20). Backing up your computer backup services. Retrieved September
18, 2018, from http://www.forbes.com/2010/07/20/carbonite-mozy-internet-technologybackup.html
93. D
Form a captive insurance company. Organizations (i.e., corporations, industry/professional/trade
associations) often form their own insurance companies—called captive insurance companies—when
they carry risks that commercial insurance companies will not cover. The organizations that form the
captive insurance companies control insurance activities including the underwriting processes, premium
rates, and claims-processing policies. Acquiring a professional association, establishing a riskmanagement committee, and creating a trade union are not ways in which a business transfers risk.
SOURCE: RM:043
SOURCE: Wallace, O., & Foster, N. (n.d.). What is captive insurance? Retrieved September 18, 2018,
from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-captive-insurance.htm
94. B
First-line. First-line or supervisory managers work directly with the employees who carry out the
business's routine work. First-line managers report to the mid-level managers. Mid-level managers are
responsible for implementing the goals set by executive (top-level) managers, and are the link between
supervisory and executive (top-level) managers. Mid-level managers report to the executive managers.
Executive managers are responsible for the whole organization and spend most of their time setting
organizational goals and conducting strategic planning. A regional manager manages employees in a
specific location or region. Regional managers are usually considered mid-level managers.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: LAP-SM-003—Manage This! (Concept of Management)

Test 1185

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

31

95. A
Reduces uncertainty. Planning is the management function of deciding what needs done and how it will
be accomplished. Planning is a futuristic process, which means that managers are forced to think ahead
about needed resources, risks, and desired outcomes. Thinking ahead or planning reduces uncertainty
because managers are evaluating various scenarios to determine the best way to achieve goals.
Planning may reduce errors but does not eliminate them. Delegating work is an organizing activity, which
involves assigning authority or responsibility for something to another person. Planning does not lessen
the need to monitor employees, which is a controlling activity.
SOURCE: SM:063
SOURCE: HubPages, Inc. (2018, February 16). Importance of planning. Retrieved September 18, 2018,
from http://youcanwin.hubpages.com/hub/Importance-of-Planning
96. A
Organizing. The organizing function of management focuses on setting up the way the business's work
will be done. Organizing involves determining what resources the business needs and how the various
resources will work together to accomplish the business's goals in the most efficient ways. Staffing is the
management function of finding workers for the business. Directing is the management function of
providing guidance to workers and work projects. Controlling is the management function that monitors
the work effort.
SOURCE: SM:064
SOURCE: Norman, L. (2018, June 29). What are the four basic functions that make up the
management process? Retrieved September 19, 2018, from
http://smallbusiness.chron.com/four-basic-functions-make-up-management-process23852.html
97. C
Training and developing. Training and developing is a part of staffing that ensures that employees are
knowledgeable and productive. It includes training employees in new job positions as well as providing
ongoing professional development. Recruiting is the process of attracting qualified candidates to the
company. Determining need involves keeping constant tabs on what job positions need to be filled and
what the descriptions and specifications are for those open positions. Developing compensation plans
involves paying and providing benefits for employees.
SOURCE: SM:065
SOURCE: LAP-SM-004—Dream Team Maker (Staffing)
98. C
Initiating action. Directing is the management function of providing guidance to workers and work
projects. Providing guidance or instruction about the proper way to perform a task is initiating action. Skill
identification is a staffing activity. Performance evaluation is a controlling activity. Establishing a line of
authority is an organizing activity.
SOURCE: SM:066
SOURCE: Management Study Guide. (2008-2018). Importance of directing function. Retrieved
September 19, 2018, from
http://www.managementstudyguide.com/importance_of_directing.htm
99. A
Evaluating. Control is the management function that monitors the work effort. To determine if employees
or processes are working effectively and efficiently, managers compare the business's standards or goals
with the actual output or desired result to evaluate performance. Delegating is an organizing task that
involves assigning authority or responsibility to another person. Coaching is a directing activity and is an
on-the-job instructional method in which a manager or supervisor is assigned a "coach" to set goals, give
assistance in reaching goals, and give ongoing performance feedback. Forecasting is a planning activity
that involves making estimates or predictions about something—sales, income, expenses, etc.
SOURCE: SM:004
SOURCE: Management Study Guide. (2016). Controlling function of management. Retrieved
September 19, 2018, from http://www.managementstudyguide.com/controlling_function.htm

Test 1185

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

32

100. D
Organizations identify and communicate the need for change to employees. The first stage of the
change-management life cycle involves realizing the need for change and explaining this to employees in
an understandable manner. Engaging in dialogue to determine how to best implement change, agreeing
on a strategic plan for implementing change, and carrying out a strategic plan for implementing change
are all actions taken in subsequent stages of the change-management life cycle.
SOURCE: SM:096
SOURCE: TwentyEighty Strategy Execution, Inc. (2015). The change management life cycle: How to
involve your people to ensure success at every stage. Retrieved September 18, 2018, from
https://www.strategyex.com/~/media/Files/Public-Site/US/POVs/ChangeManagement

