
1. Macon Industries writes a purchase order for bolts, washers, and nails and sends the order to the Stanton Company to process. In this situation, the purchase order is a(n)
A. letter of intent.
B. open order.
C. accounts-receivable document.
D. sales contract.

2. A business was fined $2 million for dumping toxic waste in the local river. What type of environmental law did the company violate?
A. Food quality
B. Clean air
C. Clean water
D. Endangered species

3. Jon sues his former employer for harassment. In what situation would the employer be likely to offer Jon a settlement?
A. The employer wants the case to go to court.
B. The employer knows it will be able to win the case.
C. The employer does not think it will be able to win the case.
D. Jon does not think he will be able to win the case.

4. Which of the following words most accurately describes arbitration:
A. Private
B. Nonconsensual
C. Biased
D. Temporary

5. To be reimbursed for business expenses, Luke must obtain and complete an expense-reimbursement form, attach the original transaction receipts to the completed form, and submit the documentation to his manager for approval. What is Luke doing?
A. Following company procedures
B. Developing company policies
C. Evaluating company feedback
D. Assessing company guidelines

6. To use oral communication effectively, you need to
A. pronounce your words correctly.
B. impress your listeners.
C. know your listeners.
D. distract your listeners' attention.

7. Which of the following is typically the primary purpose of an introduction during a presentation:
A. To share a funny story
B. To provide supporting details
C. To summarize the talk
D. To gain the audience's attention

8. What is a key to effective note-taking?
A. Active listening
B. Capturing details
C. Creative thinking
D. Using an outline

9. Which of the following is a guideline for writing clear instructions for your coworkers:
A. Write complex, lengthy statements.
B. Write from your supervisor's perspective.
C. Understand the process you are explaining.
D. Confine the instructions to one page.

10. The opening sentences of an effective business letter should
A. avoid specific details.
B. be completely impersonal.
C. be formal.
D. go right to the point.

11. When developing an analytical report about a problem that the business is facing, the writer should conclude the report by
A. defining the issue.
B. describing the research techniques.
C. recommending solutions.
D. providing crucial background information.

12. Liam wrote and submitted a report to management describing relationships between actions and the probable results of those actions. What type of research report has Liam written?
A. Cause and effect
B. Interpretive
C. Jury of executive opinion
D. Argumentative

13. While Mark is presenting his status report during a staff meeting, Danielle has a question about something he says. What should Danielle do?
A. Ask the question after Mark has finished speaking
B. Wait until the next meeting to ask her question
C. Interrupt Mark so she can ask her question right away
D. Wait to see if another participant has the same question

14. When a business strives to make every customer experience a positive one, it is remembering its
A. history.
B. internal customers.
C. competition.
D. touchpoints.

15. Which of the following would be the most likely cause of customer complaints:
A. Product quality
B. Institutional ads
C. Extended hours
D. Price reductions

16. Which of the following is an example of a capital good:
A. A delivery truck
B. Iron ore
C. A truck driver
D. Weather conditions

17. The Telford Pharmaceutical Company is concerned that proposed regulatory changes may negatively impact its research and development initiatives, profitability, long-term growth, and the well-being of patients who may benefit from using its products. What can the company do to influence legislation and protect its interests?
A. Hire an estate attorney
B. Veto the legislation
C. Engage in lobbying efforts
D. Sign a warrant

18. One of the disadvantages of private enterprise is
A. unequal distribution of income.
B. limited government control.
C. pricing system.
D. competition.

19. A business typically pays property tax to the government when
A. the value of the business's equipment decreases over time.
B. the business owns the building in which it operates.
C. the business sells the property for more money than it paid for it.
D. the business sells goods directly to other businesses or individuals.

20. During an economic recession, the best way for consumers to help expand the economy is by
A. saving money.
B. spending money.
C. earning money.
D. collecting money.

21. The category of GDP called gross private domestic investment includes
A. all purchases of capital goods.
B. all exports of goods and services.
C. purchases made by private individuals.
D. inventories held over from previous years.

22. An American businessperson in London was offered a "cuppa" by the company's receptionist. The businessperson did not know that the receptionist was offering a cup of tea. This is an example of
A. a language barrier.
B. a business subculture.
C. being uneducated.
D. economic differences.

23. Which of the following behaviors matches with the value of kindness:
A. Always telling the truth
B. Encouraging others who are sad
C. Getting a job promotion
D. Avoiding difficult tasks

24. Which of the following is a true statement regarding initiative:
A. People with initiative must usually be prodded into doing things.
B. Possessing initiative is unimportant in business occupations.
C. Increased initiative usually brings increased job responsibility.
D. Initiative should be demonstrated only at your place of employment.

25. What is one of the main reasons that employees behave unethically?
A. To become managers
B. To create positive customer relations
C. To do what everyone else does
D. To obtain publicity

26. Ian is planning a picnic even though it's cloudy because he doesn't think it is likely to rain. Ian has likely considered the __________ of rain.
A. probability
B. forecast
C. magnitude
D. severity

27. To take responsibility for your decisions and actions, it's important to build your self-confidence and
A. work portfolio.
B. grades.
C. self-esteem.
D. physical fitness.

28. Why do positive people enjoy good personal relationships?
A. They are kind and considerate.
B. They're usually in a bad mood.
C. They usually put themselves first.
D. They typically have good personal-hygiene habits.

29. Jeremy listened to his friend Mike's description of a problem Mike recently had at work and said, "It's easy to see why you are so upset." What empathetic trait does Jeremy have?
A. Understanding
B. Honesty
C. Sharing
D. Open-mindedness

30. Organizing your sock drawer, throwing a party, and building a bookshelf are examples of
A. projects.
B. goals.
C. product ideas.
D. planning methods.

31. If a leader takes ownership of a problem, makes sure it is fixed, and takes steps to prevent it from happening again, s/he is demonstrating
A. flexibility.
B. adaptability.
C. responsibility.
D. social awareness.

32. Which of the following examples describes an ethical leader practicing persistence and patience:
A. A team captain yells at her teammates to motivate them.
B. Marie encourages her team not to take shortcuts to achieve results.
C. Your teacher always grades and returns tests on time.
D. Jalen spends time giving back to organizations in his community.

33. The main reason why people lose their jobs is that they
A. take too many days off work.
B. complain about the unsatisfactory pay.
C. do not get along with their coworkers.
D. are not able to perform all job tasks.

34. It is important to be honest about the time commitment when interviewing potential employees for a new business because
A. entrepreneurs shouldn't hire employees with busy personal lives.
B. employees who are overburdened are unlikely to stay with the company.
C. being honest should weed out the people who aren’t dedicated to the job.
D. employees are not legally allowed to work more than 40 hours/week.

35. For an investment to yield positive results at the end of the investment period, the earnings should
A. be accrued on a debt security.
B. grow by at least 10%.
C. exceed the rate of inflation.
D. be documented appropriately.

36. A distinguishing characteristic of credit unions is that they
A. provide more services than banks.
B. offer only credit card services.
C. operate as cooperative financial institutions.
D. are unions for people in the banking industry.

37. When making a budget for next year, Antonio allocated money for his college tuition, his apartment, and food. What is another financial need that he should include in his budget?
A. Fitness classes
B. Tickets for sporting events
C. Apartment decorations
D. Transportation

38. If you do not keep up with the balance of your checking account, you might
A. challenge the bank's authority.
B. have your identity stolen.
C. prevent fraudulent charges.
D. incur fees and penalties.

39. To avoid accumulating unmanageable debt, you should
A. purchase expensive items using credit.
B. avoid buying anything except necessities.
C. pay your credit card balance in full.
D. spend your monthly paycheck immediately.

40. Accountants are legally required to follow established guidelines when preparing financial documents to ensure that the information presented is
A. clear and consistent.
B. transparent and subjective.
C. subjective and consistent.
D. adjusted and clear.

41. What type of money is recorded in the cash receipts column of a cash flow statement?
A. Credit
B. Cost of goods
C. Collected
D. Expenses

42. According to the statement of cash flows in a company's annual report, its cash flow from operations last year was $5,260,300 and its capital expenditures were $980,200. What was the company's free cash flow?
A. $1,863,391
B. $4,280,100
C. $5,397,164
D. $6,240,500

43. Who often helps orient new employees by answering their routine questions during their first few days on the job?
A. Top-level managers
B. Coworkers
C. Recruiters
D. Human resources staff

44. Because knowledge is so valuable, it needs to be
A. managed.
B. unrestricted.
C. delegated.
D. prohibited.

45. As part of its knowledge-management program, a business uses a special computer application to help detect and record unexpected issues that occur during the production process. This program allows many staff members to obtain and share information to resolve the problem quickly. This is an example of a business effectively using
A. mind-mapping software.
B. incident-management software.
C. a public domain database.
D. an accounting database.

46. A manager watches an employee perform a work activity and writes notes that describe the process. This is an example of capturing knowledge by
A. observation.
B. rationalization.
C. interrogation.
D. imitation.

47. Ralph hosts a video conference about a trade show he recently attended. Which of the following knowledge management processes is Ralph practicing:
A. Refinement
B. Acquisition
C. Creation
D. Sharing

48. Which function of marketing determines how much gross profit a business will make on a good or service?
A. Risk management
B. Channel management
C. Promotion
D. Pricing

49. One way for businesses to obtain needed information efficiently is to
A. read a book.
B. schedule an interview.
C. access a database.
D. contact a competitor.

50. Which of the following is a trend in information management:
A. Fewer electronic documents
B. Increased use of outsourcing
C. Decreased competition
D. Less incoming information

51. Monitors, keyboards, and hard drives are examples of computer
A. servers.
B. hardware.
C. dashboards.
D. standards.

52. Adian is conducting online research for a marketing project at work. What web-based tool will help Adian save and organize the websites that contain the relevant information he needs for his final report?
A. Personal intranet connection
B. Notebook with color-coded dividers
C. Word-processing memo template
D. Browser bookmarking applications

53. Which of the following is an example of employees using groupware computer applications:
A. Dan, Kara, and Simon review their departments' budgets, which are saved as different computer-spreadsheets files.
B. Craig, Tessa, and Lily use presentation software to guide a group discussion about their research project.
C. Kelli, Juan, and Phil can access and make changes to the company production schedule from their home computers.
D. Michelle, Jeff, and Aubrey use the same desktop-publishing program to create advertisements and brochures for their companies.

54. A limitation to the use of project-management software is that it lacks the ability to
A. make decisions.
B. calculate data.
C. track changes.
D. flag information.

55. Which of the following strategies can help make data change easier:
A. Rolling out data changes during a busy time of year
B. Ignoring errors during implementation
C. Informing staff that data changes will continually occur
D. Communicating the benefits of the data change

56. By maintaining customer records, a business can determine the
A. needs and product preferences of its customers.
B. goals and motivation of its major competitors.
C. performance levels of its marketing staff.
D. productivity levels of its operational efforts.

57. Businesses often monitor internal inventory records to obtain the information needed to
A. organize new displays.
B. plan special sales.
C. evaluate vendors.
D. create safety rules.

58. To maintain a hazard-free work environment, local regulations might require businesses to undergo
A. security analyses.
B. accounting audits.
C. safety inspections.
D. ethics training.

59. A team of marketers is creating a promotional brochure, but progress is slow. The person in charge of designing the layout has never done it before and is struggling to come up with ideas. What ethical dilemma most likely caused this situation?
A. Assigning the wrong person to a job
B. Covering up wrongdoing/Blaming others
C. Using money inappropriately
D. Violating workers' rights

60. A collaborative work environment contributes to an employee's growth because s/he
A. views the work environment positively.
B. earns more income.
C. learns from coworkers.
D. has the opportunity to work from home.

61. Why is it important in project planning to build in a safety net, or padding, when identifying resources?
A. To plan for the unexpected
B. To find substitutes
C. To try to cut corners
D. To obtain financial support

62. When managing projects, which of the following is an important activity:
A. Changing objectives
B. Tracking deadlines
C. Following directions
D. Obeying orders

63. What is the probable outcome when a producer purchases inferior parts for its products to cut costs?
A. Customer dissatisfaction and increased business
B. Customer satisfaction and repeat business
C. Customer goodwill and loss of business
D. Customer dissatisfaction and loss of business

64. When developing a request for quotation (RFQ) for prospective vendors, a business should always include
A. prices and a purchase order.
B. specifications and deadlines.
C. guidelines and discounts.
D. statistics and a checklist.

65. What attitude would be most likely to support long-term relationships between businesses and their suppliers?
A. Reflective
B. Creative
C. Influential
D. Collaborative

66. Because the Frederick Company has space limitations in its warehouse, it needs to have a shelving unit custom-made. What type of order is the Frederick Company likely to place with the shelving manufacturer?
A. Special
B. Open
C. Blanket
D. Reorder

67. Which of the following are examples of raw materials that a business might keep on hand for production:
A. Minerals, tables, leather, and paper
B. Leather, bolts, stapler, and ore
C. Grain, minerals, leather, and oil
D. Oil, grain, shoes, and household cleanser

68. Before a business begins negotiating with a vendor, it carefully plans the specific points or terms that it is willing to give up that will benefit the vendor. What is the business planning?
A. Desired shipping terms
B. The vendor's purchasing power
C. Targeted discount rates
D. Its concession strategy

69. Why do most businesses use some type of quality-control method at work?
A. To organize employees
B. To minimize errors
C. To attract vendors
D. To guarantee safety

70. Which of the following expenses should Charlene categorize as a fixed cost:
A. Commissions
B. Delivery charges
C. Cost of goods sold
D. Rent

71. Which of the following is an activity that falls under supply chain management:
A. Building relationships with vendors
B. Creating advertising campaigns
C. Forecasting sales
D. Hiring new employees

72. Which of the following is a key aspect of risk management:
A. Setting product prices
B. Preparing operational budgets
C. Determining appropriate advertising media
D. Staying in compliance with laws and regulations

73. How does process thinking help organizations?
A. Assists them in separating work between departments
B. Enables them to find out who to blame for issues
C. Helps them avoid documenting workflow
D. Lets them know why they succeeded or failed

74. One of the main external factors that may cause a firm to change its business processes is
A. desire for growth.
B. competition.
C. low employee morale.
D. high operating costs.

75. Online shipment tracking is one example of __________ affecting supply chain management.
A. technology
B. globalization
C. economic downturns
D. production changes

76. Why is it important for companies to make inventories of their digital information?
A. So that the information is readily accessible when it is needed
B. Because most employees don't use their computers wisely
C. To prevent unethical IT professionals from stealing company data
D. So that the company can keep tabs on what employees are doing online

77. Which of the following statements about protecting digital customer data is true:
A. A company's protection of data has little impact on the customer's perception of the company.
B. Protecting digital customer data is a responsibility of the IT department.
C. Data protection strategies should be reevaluated often.
D. Protecting digital customer data is only necessary for large businesses.

78. Which of the following is a good way for an employee to make sure that all essential tasks are completed each day:
A. Prioritize tasks
B. Complete routine tasks first
C. Seek help from coworkers
D. Work as fast as possible

79. Which of the following would be a short-term financial goal:
A. Getting a promotion within five years
B. Starting your own business
C. Walking a mile every day
D. Saving enough to buy a concert ticket

80. Emilio works in office management. Which of the following would likely be one of his job responsibilities:
A. Packaging and distributing warehouse orders
B. Helping his office run faster and more efficiently
C. Helping customers decide how to invest their money
D. Creating a marketing plan for a new product

81. Which of the following is an example of personal information that should be included in a résumé:
A. Year of graduation
B. Telephone number
C. Rate of pay
D. Names of parents

82. ABC Corp. shuts down its office for a few days each winter to protect its employees from any weather-related accidents. This is an example of a rule related to
A. health and safety.
B. discrimination.
C. conflicts of interest.
D. insubordination.

83. The Prater Corporation wants to expand its market share by 6% next year. What type of goal has the company set?
A. Financial
B. Ideological
C. Organizational
D. Input

84. What question should the purpose statement of a project's statement of work (SOW) answer?
A. What materials do we need to do this project?
B. What is this project going to produce?
C. Why are we doing this project?
D. Who will carry out this project?

85. Alicia is creating a resource that includes entries for each component of how her project will be organized and run, including definitions, deliverables, associated activities, and milestones. Alicia is making a
A. resource breakdown structure.
B. scope statement.
C. work breakdown structure dictionary.
D. project charter.

86. A project manager has determined that the team completed the software-development phase of the project four days ahead of schedule. What control activity is the project manager performing?
A. Changing a process
B. Evaluating a time constraint
C. Tracking a milestone
D. Assessing a setback

87. Which of the following is an example of a project manager delegating responsibility to a project team member:
A. Stan asks Joanna and Tom for suggestions to improve process efficiency.
B. Bill tells Peter that he needs to remember to include a cover sheet with his TPS report.
C. Nina advises Milton that he is responsible for preparing the team's weekly status report.
D. Anne determines that Bob has the desired organizational skills to be on the project team.

88. Before closing a project, the project manager, team, and stakeholders must agree that the
A. objectives have been achieved.
B. resources have been used efficiently.
C. project has stayed within budget.
D. members are ready to resume their regular duties.

89. Six Sigma is a popular quality-management
A. requirement.
B. questionnaire.
C. methodology.
D. technique.

90. What is the potential benefit to a business that continuously takes action to improve the quality of its goods and services?
A. Increased product options
B. Higher demand
C. Increased premiums
D. Higher costs

91. How can a company’s leaders encourage ethical behavior in risk management?
A. Act ethically themselves
B. Hire risk managers
C. Discourage risk-taking
D. Involve middle managers

92. Wellston Industries wants to compare a current business situation with a target situation. Which of the following tools will help Wellston obtain the information that it wants:
A. Critical path study
B. Mind map
C. Decision tree
D. Gap analysis

93. An automobile manufacturer in Country A purchases parts from a factory in Country B. When Country B suffers a massive earthquake, the automobile manufacturer is forced to put production on hold until it can find another factory to supply the parts. What type of risk does this situation illustrate?
A. Health and safety
B. Employee
C. Political
D. Environmental

94. Which of the following is a true statement about managers:
A. Managers allow employees to set the organizational standards.
B. Managers must be able to do their employees' jobs.
C. Managers decide how to use the business's resources.
D. Managers usually train the employees to do the work.

95. Caitlin is the manager for a busy accounting department and has decided not to replace the payroll specialist who recently resigned. She wants Martin, who currently handles the firm's accounts receivable, and David, the accounts payable clerk, to jointly take over the payroll-processing responsibilities. She also wants her assistant, Fiona, to take over some of Martin's and David's current tasks. What organizing activity is Caitlin performing?
A. Establishing goals
B. Providing feedback
C. Reallocating resources
D. Training employees

96. A manager places a classified advertisement for a new accounting position in the local newspaper. The manager is performing the __________ function of management because s/he is __________ new employees.
A. directing; acquiring
B. controlling; monitoring
C. planning; hiring
D. staffing; recruiting

97. Managers need to form relationships with employees and understand human behavior. This is an example of which characteristic of directing?
A. Continuous
B. Executive
C. Creative
D. People-focused

98. What type of managerial control would a company use to measure the financial success of various products, territories, customer groups, distribution channels, and order sizes?
A. Annual plan
B. Profitability
C. Strategic
D. Efficiency

99. Every month, a technology company has all-staff meetings in which employees team up and brainstorm new ideas together. Many of these ideas lead to innovative new products. This is an example of how __________ helps organizations innovate and change.
A. customer service
B. collaboration
C. training
D. resilience

100. Many organizational changes fail because
A. managers give their employees too much time to adjust to changes.
B. big changes cannot be executed throughout entire companies.
C. most people are resistant to change.
D. companies do not properly execute the change-management lifecycle.

/////

1. D
Sales contract. A purchase order is a form that a business fills out to order goods. Because the order
indicates that the business is willing to do something (pay for the items it orders) in exchange for
something else (take possession of the goods), the purchase order serves as a sales contract. An open
order is a type of purchase order in which buyers place the order with the supplier that can best meet the
needs or criteria (e.g., price) for a particular item. Because accounts receivable is an accounting activity
that involves collecting payment for the goods and services that the business offers, a purchase order is
not an accounts-receivable document. A letter of intent is a letter that declares the writer's intention to do
something. A purchase order is a form rather than a letter.
SOURCE: BL:001
SOURCE: USLegal.com. (2001-2019). Sales contracts law & legal definition. Retrieved August 26,
2019, from http://definitions.uslegal.com/s/sales-contracts/
2. C
Clean water. The company violated the clean water laws by dumping toxic waste into a river. Clean air
laws regulate emissions and other air pollutants. Food quality laws regulate the quality of the food supply.
Endangered species laws protect animals, fish, and birds in danger of becoming extinct.
SOURCE: BL:073
SOURCE: Miller, R.L. (2020). Business law today: Comprehensive edition (12th ed.) [p. 939]. Boston,
MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
3. C
The employer does not think it will be able to win the case. A party may offer a settlement if it believes it
has little chance to win a case. In this example, Jon's employer does not believe it will win, so it may offer
a settlement. A settlement is a way to avoid the case going to court. Jon may or may not think he will win
the case, but this does not influence his former employer's actions.
SOURCE: BL:159
SOURCE: Thompson, V. (2019). Do companies try to settle harassment claims out of court? Retrieved
August 28, 2019, from https://yourbusiness.azcentral.com/companies-try-settle-harassmentclaims-out-court-15821.html
4. A
Private. Arbitration is private and not public or handled in the courts. Arbitration is consensual. Both
parties must sign an agreement assenting to arbitration. Arbitration is neutral, not biased. Arbitration is
final and binding, not temporary.
SOURCE: BL:161
SOURCE: Ellis, J., & Harris, B. (2017, November 26). What is an arbitration? Retrieved September 4,
2019, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-an-arbitration.htm
5. A
Following company procedures. Policies are the general rules to be followed by company personnel. For
example, a business owner may develop a policy that states the company will reimburse employees for
certain business-related expenses. A procedure is the step-by-step process that personnel follow in
performing a specific task. In the example, Luke was following certain steps to obtain reimbursement for
out-of-pocket expenses that he incurred—obtaining and completing the appropriate form, attaching
receipts, and submitting the documentation to his manager. In the example, Luke did not develop the
policies, evaluate company feedback, or assess company guidelines.
SOURCE: CO:057
SOURCE: Bizmanualz, Inc. (1999-2019). What's the difference between policies and procedures?
Retrieved August 26, 2019, from https://www.bizmanualz.com/write-better-policies/whatsthe-difference-between-policies-and-procedures.html

Test 1207

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

14

6. A
Pronounce your words correctly. The correct use and pronunciation of words is essential to effective oral
communication. Mispronunciation creates an unfavorable impression; it can embarrass the speaker; and
it may also fail to communicate the intended message. Trying to impress listeners may create a barrier to
good communication. It is not necessary to know your listeners to communicate effectively. You need to
attract and hold your listeners' attention, not distract them.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: Lehman, C., Dufrene, D., & Walker, R. (2020). BCOM (10th ed.). [p. 219]. Boston, MA:
Cengage Learning, Inc.
7. D
To gain the audience's attention. Effective introductions gain the audience's attention. Supporting details
are usually provided in the middle of a presentation. A speaker might outline the main points to be
discussed in his/her opening remarks, but summarizing the talk would occur at the end. An effective
introduction might include a funny story to gain the audience's attention, but there are many other
methods that could be used to capture the audience's attention as well.
SOURCE: CO:025
SOURCE: LAP-OP-025—Well Said! (Making Oral Presentations)
8. A
Active listening. To take meaningful notes, you must listen to what the speaker is saying. To pick up on
the key points, you must actively listen. Effective note-taking does not involve capturing every detail of
the presentation, nor does it involve the use of creative thinking techniques. And although it may be
helpful for some individuals, effective notes do not need to be formatted as an outline.
SOURCE: CO:085
SOURCE: Miami University. (n.d.). Note-taking and active listening. Retrieved August 26, 2019, from
https://miamioh.instructure.com/courses/62085/pages/note-taking-and-active-listening
9. C
Understand the process you are explaining. To write accurate instructions, you must be knowledgeable
about the sequence and content of steps required for completion of the task. Instructions should consist
of simple, brief statements that are written from the employee's perspective. Although instructions should
be as brief as possible, the type and complexity of the process or activity will dictate the length of the
instructions.
SOURCE: CO:016
SOURCE: MindTools.com. (2019). Writing skills: getting your written message across clearly. Retrieved
August 26, 2019, from https://www.mindtools.com/CommSkll/WritingSkills.htm
10. D
Go right to the point. The opening paragraph of a business letter should explain the reason for writing
and go right to the point. Effective business letters do not waste the reader's time by providing a lot of
unnecessary information, but they immediately go to the point and capture the reader's attention. The
letter does not need to be formal, but it should contain specific details and have personal appeal for the
reader.
SOURCE: CO:133
SOURCE: Lehman, C., Dufrene, D., & Walker, R. (2020). BCOM (10th ed.). [p. 219]. Boston, MA:
Cengage Learning, Inc.
11. C
Recommending solutions. An analytical report involves examining opinions, facts, and data about an
issue, idea, or problem. Recommendations are placed at the end of the report after the issue has been
defined and all of the pertinent information has been presented. The introduction of the report should
define the problem. If research was conducted, the research techniques used are described in the
methodology section of the report, which should appear before the recommendations and conclusions
section of the report.
SOURCE: CO:185
SOURCE: Hamilton, S. (2017, April 17). What is an analytical report? Retrieved August 28, 2019, from
https://penandthepad.com/info-8708712-analytical-report.html

Test 1207

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

15

12. A
Cause and effect. Cause-and-effect reports provide information about a variety of scenarios under
different circumstances—if action A and B happens, then the probable result will be X. By developing a
cause-and-effect report, a business can analyze different situations and probable outcomes. The
business can consider the pros and cons of each scenario to determine which action will be best for the
business. An interpretive report provides the writer's perception of a specific topic. Individuals working in
the humanities and social-science fields often develop interpretive reports to clarify or interpret ancient
texts and complex cognitive concepts. Jury of executive opinion is a qualitative forecasting method that
gathers opinions from company executives. An argumentative report provides facts and data about two
sides of a controversial issue.
SOURCE: CO:186
SOURCE: Sweet, K. (2017, March 7). How to write a cause and effect essay. Retrieved August 28,
2019, from https://penandthepad.com/write-cause-effect-essay-2099899.html
13. A
Ask the question after Mark has finished speaking. Speakers often ask other meeting participants if they
have questions after they finish their presentations. Therefore, Danielle should ask her question after
Mark finishes his presentation, when he asks if anyone has questions. Interrupting Mark while he is
speaking to ask a question is disruptive and rude. Other meeting participants may not think of the same
question that Danielle has, so she should not rely on others to ask the question. Danielle should not wait
until the next meeting because the information Mark provides may be outdated or forgotten by that point.
SOURCE: CO:063
SOURCE: Means, T. (2019). Business communication (3rd ed.) [Lesson 1.2]. Boston, MA: Cengage
Learning, Inc.
14. D
Touchpoints. When a business strives to make every customer experience a positive one, it is
remembering its touchpoints. When a business remembers its touchpoints, it shows that it recognizes the
importance of each interaction in building positive customer relations. Touchpoints don't necessarily
relate to internal customers, competition, or the business's history.
SOURCE: CR:003
SOURCE: LAP-CR-001—Accentuate the Positive (Nature of Customer Relations)
15. A
Product quality. Poor-quality products that do not perform properly or break are a common cause for
complaint. Other causes include the business itself, its policies, and its personnel. Price reductions are
usually pleasing to customers. Extended hours give customers more time to shop. Institutional ads
promote the image of the business and are not likely to be the subject of complaints.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: Means, T. (2019). Business communication (3rd ed.) [Lesson 14.1]. Boston, MA: Cengage
Learning, Inc.
16. A
A delivery truck. A capital good is any manufactured or constructed item that is used to produce goods
and services. While natural resources are provided by nature, capital goods are created by people.
Capital goods can come in many forms, such as equipment, machinery, and tools. Delivery trucks are
capital goods because they enable producers to operate businesses and make products available to
consumers. Iron ore and weather conditions are both considered natural resources. A natural resource is
any resource that is found in nature and used to produce goods and services. Human resources are
people who are valued for the work they do to produce goods and services. This includes truck drivers,
who are in charge of delivering raw materials and/or finished goods.
SOURCE: EC:003
SOURCE: LAP-EC-014—Be Resourceful (Economic Resources)

Test 1207

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

16

17. C
Engage in lobbying efforts. Businesses must be prepared to take action when changes in the regulatory
environment occur because these factors can affect the ways in which businesses operate. Lobbying is a
practice in which a person or group attempts to influence lawmakers to pass or block certain legislation.
Businesses cannot veto legislation. In the United States, the president has veto power, which means that
s/he can reject bills passed by Congress. Judges sign warrants, which are legal orders that authorize
certain actions such as making an arrest or searching property. An estate attorney handles legal issues
that involve the passage of property from a deceased person to his/her heirs. Hiring an estate attorney
will not help the business influence legislation and protect its interests in the regulatory environment.
SOURCE: EC:105
SOURCE: LAP-EC-105—What's Shakin'? (Factors Affecting Business Environment)
18. A
Unequal distribution of income. One of the disadvantages of private enterprise is that poverty and income
are not distributed equally. Limited government control, competition, and pricing system are all
advantages of private enterprise.
SOURCE: EC:009
SOURCE: LAP-EC-015—People Power (The Private Enterprise System)
19. B
The business owns the building in which it operates. Businesses that own buildings and land must pay
property taxes to the government at specific intervals. The property-tax amount is based on the value of
the land and building. The value of the land and building is affected by many factors, such as the location
of the property. When the value of a business's goods or equipment decreases over time, it is known as
depreciation. When it sells land or a building, a business pays a capital-gains tax, which is based on the
difference between the purchase price and the higher selling price. Sales tax is typically charged on
nonessential goods such as candy, books, and shampoo. Businesses (e.g., retailers) that sell the goods
collect the sales tax from their customers and give the money to the government at set intervals.
SOURCE: EC:072
SOURCE: Murray, J. (2019, June 17). All taxes your business must pay. Retrieved August 23, 2019,
from thebalancesmb.com/all-the-taxes-your-business-must-pay-399045
20. B
Spending money. If consumers do not go out and spend, businesses have less revenue to bounce back
during a recession. Businesses will then lay off more employees who, in turn, will spend less, and the
recession will deepen. Saving, collecting, or earning money will keep it from being reinvested in the
economy, thereby not helping the economy grow.
SOURCE: EC:081
SOURCE: Mankiw, N.G. (2018). Principles of economics (8th ed.) [Lesson 34-2]. Boston, MA: Cengage
Learning, Inc.
21. A
All purchases of capital goods. If a business trades a piece of equipment for a new piece, the total value
of the new piece is counted for GDP, not the difference. Inventories produced in the current year are also
counted but not those produced in previous years. Exports are a separate category of GDP. The
purchases by private individuals are counted as personal consumption expenditures.
SOURCE: EC:017
SOURCE: LAP-EC-001—Measure Up? (Gross Domestic Product)

Test 1207

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

17

22. A
A language barrier. Culture influences verbal communication, even in countries that basically speak the
same language. In those countries, different words for objects and different modes of expressing ideas
cause misunderstandings and may be language barriers. Economic differences are differences in
economic status. A business subculture refers to a group of people who share similar characteristics
within a larger business context. Businesspeople who do not understand certain language terms are
uninformed rather than uneducated.
SOURCE: EC:045
SOURCE: Mankiw, N.G. (2018). Principles of economics (8th ed.) [Lesson 2-3]. Boston, MA: Cengage
Learning, Inc.
23. B
Encouraging others who are sad. It is important to identify actions or choices that are in accordance with
your values. If kindness is the value, a behavior that correlates to that might be encouraging others who
are sad, trying to lift their spirits, and supporting them in difficult times. Always telling the truth, getting a
job promotion, and avoiding difficult tasks are not necessarily related to kindness.
SOURCE: EI:126
SOURCE: LAP-EI-126—Assess Yourself (Assessing Your Personal Behavior and Values)
24. C
Increased initiative usually brings increased job responsibility. Increased job responsibility is just one
benefit of demonstrating initiative. If you possess initiative, you are ready, willing, and able to both think
and act on your own. You do not have to be prodded or urged to do so. Initiative is extremely important to
workers in all types of occupations, especially in the field of business. To be viewed as a person with
initiative, your willingness to think and act on your own should be reflected in all areas of your life.
SOURCE: EI:024
SOURCE: LAP-EI-240—Hustle! (Taking Initiative at Work)
25. C
To do what everyone else does. Employees who behave unethically often justify their actions by
believing that everyone else does it. Some employees may see their coworkers use company equipment
for personal projects, and then do the same themselves. Most employees realize that such behavior is
unethical and use "everyone else does it" as an excuse. Unethical behavior would not result in long-term
positive customer relations. Most people would not want their unethical behavior to be publicized.
Although some people may behave unethically to become managers, it is not a main reason for unethical
behavior.
SOURCE: EI:004
SOURCE: LAP-EI-004—Work Right (Demonstrating Ethical Work Habits)
26. A
Probability. Since Ian doesn't think it is likely to rain, he likely considered the probability of rain. There is
no indication that Ian is assessing the threat of rain with a forecast. Magnitude and severity both refer to
the size of a risk, not whether it is likely to occur or not.
SOURCE: EI:091
SOURCE: LAP-EI-091—Worth the Risk (Assessing Risks of Personal Decisions)
27. C
Self-esteem. To take responsibility for your decisions and actions, it's important to build your selfconfidence and self-esteem. Self-esteem is respect you have for yourself. When you respect yourself,
you want to take responsibility for your life. Good grades, a strong work portfolio, and physical fitness are
wonderful things, but you can still take responsibility without having them.
SOURCE: EI:075
SOURCE: LAP-EI-075—It's Up to You (Taking Responsibility for Decisions and Actions)

Test 1207

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

18

28. A
They are kind and considerate. Positive people are kind and considerate, so others typically want to be
around them. For this reason, positive people enjoy better personal relationships. People who put
themselves first and are usually in a bad mood would probably not enjoy good personal relationships.
These are characteristics common in negative people. Although positive people usually maintain good
personal hygiene, it isn't necessarily the primary reason why they enjoy good personal relationships.
SOURCE: EI:019
SOURCE: LAP-EI-003—Opt for Optimism (Positive Attitude)
29. A
Understanding. Being an understanding person is necessary for empathy. You don't need to share the
same experiences that someone else has had, but you do need to understand where they are "coming
from." Honesty is truthfulness. Open-mindedness is keeping your mind open to new thoughts, ideas, and
approaches.
SOURCE: EI:030
SOURCE: LAP-EI-030—Have a Heart (Showing Empathy for Others)
30. A
Projects. A project is any type of undertaking, or task, that has a distinct beginning and end and that
creates a unique good or service. Organizing your sock drawer, throwing a party, and building a
bookshelf are examples of projects. These are not goals, product ideas, or planning methods.
SOURCE: OP:519
SOURCE: LAP-OP-519—Plan On It! (Planning Projects)
31. C
Responsibility. Fulfilling one's obligations in a dependable, reliable manner is known as responsibility,
and it is an important leadership characteristic. When a leader is responsible, s/he takes ownership of
problems, makes sure they are fixed, and takes steps to prevent them from happening again. Flexibility,
also called adaptability, is the ability to adapt to changes as they occur. Social awareness is the ability to
know and understand others' emotions; it is part of emotional intelligence.
SOURCE: EI:009
SOURCE: LAP-EI-016—Lead the Way (Concept of Leadership)
32. B
Marie encourages her team not to take shortcuts to achieve results. Persistence is the ability to continue
working at a task or idea until the desired outcome is achieved. Patience is enduring life's aggravations
and difficulties calmly. Persistence and patience are both important to ethical leadership because being
ethical is not always an easy or quick process. It can be tempting to take shortcuts or give up on the
ethical route to achieve quick results. An ethical leader such as Marie practices both persistence and
patience in difficult situations, rather than taking shortcuts. A team captain yelling at her teammates to
motivate them is not demonstrating patience or persistence. If your teacher grades and returns tests on
time, s/he is responsible but not necessarily persistent or patient. Finally, Jalen is being altruistic by
giving back to organizations in his community rather than demonstrating patience or persistence.
SOURCE: EI:131
SOURCE: LAP-EI-131—Be the Change (Nature of Ethical Leadership)
33. C
Do not get along with their coworkers. Although employees lose their jobs for a variety of reasons,
studies indicate that the primary reason is failure to get along with coworkers. A worker who does not get
along with others usually is not very happy or productive and may cause problems in the workplace.
Complaining about unsatisfactory pay is not a reason to be fired. Taking too many days off work and not
being able to do all job tasks are problems that can be corrected.
SOURCE: EI:037
SOURCE: LAP-EI-037—Can You Relate? (Fostering Positive Working Relationships)

Test 1207

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

19

34. B
Employees who are overburdened are unlikely to stay with the company. It can be tempting for
entrepreneurs to "sugarcoat" the amount of time and effort that will be needed from employees—but this
approach is destined to backfire. Employees who are hired under the impression that they will only work
20 hours per week, for example, will certainly not appreciate it when they are told they actually need to
work 30 or 40, especially if their compensation doesn't increase accordingly. If workers are consistently
overburdened, they are unlikely to stay with the company for very long—and will probably resent the
company's management in the meantime. Entrepreneurs shouldn't discriminate against people with busy
personal lives when hiring employees. Many people are able to effectively balance an active personal
and professional life. Being honest is important so that employees know what to expect at work. The
primary purpose of honesty in the employee search is not to "weed out" people who are not dedicated to
the job—it's to provide transparency for all prospective workers. It is legal for employees to work more
than 40 hours per week.
SOURCE: EN:044
SOURCE: LAP-EN-044—Ethical Excellence (Ethics in Entrepreneurship)
35. C
Exceed the rate of inflation. When making investments, it is important to consider the time value of
money, which is the difference between the money's current purchasing power in relation to its
purchasing power at a future date. Earnings from investments can come in different forms, such as
accumulated interest from debt securities or dividends from equity securities. At the end of the
investment period, a successful investment will yield more money than the investor started with.
However, it is important to consider the rate of inflation—which is an increase in prices of goods and
services. If inflation increases more rapidly than the investment earns (e.g., 10%) during the investment
period, then the value of money earned will not yield the desired results. Documents and forms do not
affect the time value of money.
SOURCE: FI:062
SOURCE: Segal, T. (2019, June 25). What is inflation and how should it affect my investing? Retrieved
September 5, 2019, from https://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/what-is-inflation-andhow-should-it-affect-investing/
36. C
Operate as cooperative financial institutions. Credit unions are nonprofit lending institutions owned by
their members. They provide loans to members and may offer a variety of services, but they do not offer
more services than banks. The members of a credit union could be individuals who work for the same
company, are in the same profession, or belong to the same union.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: LAP-FI-002—Give Credit Where Credit Is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
37. D
Transportation. Financial needs are purchases that are necessary and should be included in one's
financial decision-making. Transportation is a financial need because Antonio needs a way to get to and
from classes, work, home, etc. Tickets for sporting events, apartment decorations, and fitness classes
are not financial needs because they are not necessary expenses.
SOURCE: FI:064
SOURCE: Ryan, J.S., & Ryan, C. (2017). Personal financial literacy (3rd ed.) [Lesson 4.1a]. Boston,
MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
38. D
Incur fees and penalties. If you are not aware of the deposits and purchases in your checking account,
you might incur fees and penalties for overdrawing your account or having a check bounce. Not keeping
up with your checking account balance will not necessarily lead to having your identity stolen. You will not
prevent fraudulent charges or challenge the bank's authority by not keeping up with the balance of your
checking account.
SOURCE: FI:069
SOURCE: Klein, A. (2019, September 5). Tips to keep your checking account balanced. Retrieved
September 5, 2019, from https://www.tropicalfcu.com/blog/tips-to-keep-your-checkingaccount-balanced

Test 1207

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

20

39. C
Pay your credit card balance in full. Paying your credit card balance in full each month will help you avoid
accumulating excessive debt. It's okay to buy goods and services that aren't necessities, as long as you
have enough money in your budget to afford them. You should avoid purchasing expensive items using
credit unless you can genuinely afford them, since purchases accumulate interest fees when paid on
credit. It would be unwise to spend your monthly paycheck immediately.
SOURCE: FI:071
SOURCE: Ryan, J.S., & Ryan, C. (2017). Personal financial literacy (3rd ed.) [Lesson 8.3b]. Boston,
MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
40. A
Clear and consistent. The accounting function is responsible for collecting and reporting a business's
financial information. Governments require businesses to provide certain types of financial information to
regulatory agencies and shareholders in specific ways. By requiring businesses to follow the same
standards and rules, financial reports are prepared in a consistent way, so the information is clear,
objective, and transparent to all people who read and work with financial information. Subjective
information is open for interpretation. The information in a financial document does not have to be
adjusted to adhere to established guidelines.
SOURCE: FI:353
SOURCE: Warren, C.S., Jones, J.P., & Taylor, W.B. (2020). Financial and managerial accounting (15th
ed.). [Lesson 1-2a]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
41. C
Collected. Only collected money is recorded under cash receipts. For example, if a business expects to
make $5,000 from cash sales and $2,000 from credit sales, it records only the $5,000 in the cash
receipts column. The $2,000 in credit sales is referred to as accounts receivable and should not be
recorded until it is actually collected, otherwise the business will appear to have more money on hand
than it actually does. Cost of goods is the amount of money a business pays for the products it will sell
and often is a sizeable expense. Expenses are listed in the cash payments column rather than in the
cash receipts column.
SOURCE: FI:091
SOURCE: LAP-FI-091—Count the Cash (Cash Flow Statements)
42. B
$4,280,100. Free cash flow is the capital that a company has left at the end of a year after paying all of its
expenses and making any necessary new capital expenditures. Investors often calculate a company's
free cash flow to determine whether the company has funds to pay dividends to investors. The formula
used to calculate free cash flow is Free Cash Flow = Cash Flow From Operations - Capital Expenditures.
To determine the company's free cash flow, simply subtract the capital expenditures noted from the given
cash flow from operations ($5,260,300 - $980,200 = $4,280,100).
SOURCE: FI:541
SOURCE: Jagerson, J. (2019, May 20). Free cash flow (FCF). Retrieved August 28, 2019, from
http://www.investopedia.com/terms/f/freecashflow.asp
43. B
Coworkers. A new employee's coworkers often are instrumental in orienting the person by answering
routine questions. Coworkers are able to explain the day-to-day activities on the job and answer general
questions about where supplies are kept and when to take breaks. Coworkers help new employees feel a
part of the group and make them comfortable with their new surroundings. Top-level managers may
welcome new employees on their first day but usually do not have direct contact with them while they
learn their jobs. Recruiters help locate and hire new employees but do not participate in orientation. The
human resources staff usually helps new employees fill out necessary paperwork but may not be
involved in orienting them to their specific jobs.
SOURCE: HR:360
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 263).
Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.

Test 1207

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

21

44. A
Managed. Because knowledge is so valuable and can have such a profound impact, it needs to be
managed appropriately so that the organization can effectively utilize it. However, this does not
necessarily mean that it should be either unrestricted or prohibited. Delegating is not related to the value
of knowledge.
SOURCE: KM:002
SOURCE: LAP-KM-002—Know What's Right (Ethics in Knowledge Management)
45. B
Incident-management software. Incident-management software helps the company detect and record
production issues. As a result, it can help employees identify problems, share information, and work
together to solve problems, such as bottlenecks in the production process, more quickly. Mind-mapping
software facilitates creative thinking and product innovation. Public domain technology, such as software
and databases, are not owned by any one entity and can be used by the general public for free or for a
fee. An accounting database stores financial data such as sales transactions.
SOURCE: KM:003
SOURCE: Yeary, J. (2018, January 29). The benefits of a successful itil incident management system.
Retrieved August 28, 2019, from https://blog.samanage.com/help-desk-software/thebenefits-of-a-successful-incident-management-system/
46. A
Observation. Observation involves obtaining information by watching others perform a task or activity. A
business can obtain knowledge about work-task processes by observing employees performing their
jobs. The manager is not rationalizing or imitating the employee's behavior. There is not sufficient
information provided to determine if the manager is asking questions or interrogating the employee.
SOURCE: KM:005
SOURCE: Garfield, S. (2018, April 23). 10 types of knowledge management strategies. Retrieved
September 4, 2019, from https://medium.com/@stangarfield/10-types-of-knowledgemanagement-strategies-f947f28599a7
47. D
Sharing. Sharing of knowledge occurs when knowledge is communicated to others, as is the case with
Ralph's video conference. Acquisition is the process of gaining or gathering knowledge. Creation is
developing new content. Refinement is taking knowledge and making it understandable and usable.
SOURCE: KM:018
SOURCE: Sampath, S. (2018, June 13). 8 ways to capture tacit knowledge in organizations. Retrieved
September 4, 2019, from https://medium.com/@savitha84/8-ways-to-capture-tacitknowledge-536ef990b82d
48. D
Pricing. This marketing function involves determining and adjusting prices to maximize return and meet
customers' perceptions of value. Pricing includes setting an amount to charge a customer for a product,
which usually is based on the item's cost, expenses, and desired profit. Communicating information
about goods, services, images, and/or ideas to achieve a desired outcome is promotion. Risk
management, which is not a marketing function, involves the planning, controlling, preventing, and
procedures used by management to limit business loss. Channel management involves identifying,
selecting, monitoring, and evaluating sales channels.
SOURCE: MK:002
SOURCE: LAP-MK-001—Work the Big Seven (Marketing Functions)

Test 1207

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

22

49. C
Access a database. A database is computerized storage for information and facts. Most businesses
maintain a database of information that is relevant to the business, such as lists of customers and
vendors, inventory levels, prices of materials, etc. When businesses need information, they access the
database to obtain the data efficiently. For example, a business could access a database to find out how
many customers in a certain area purchased a specific product during a specified time period.
Scheduling an interview, reading a book, and contacting a competitor are not ways for businesses to
obtain needed information efficiently.
SOURCE: NF:078
SOURCE: Dlabay, L., Burrow, J.L., & Kleindl, B. (2019). Principles of business (9th ed.). [Lesson 11.1].
Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
50. B
Increased use of outsourcing. Increased use of outsourcing is a current trend in information
management. There is more incoming information (usually in the form of electronic documents) than
ever, as well as increased competition.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: LAP-NF-110—In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
51. B
Hardware. These are the physical components of a computer system that are necessary for the system
to function. They include the central processing unit, hard drive, modem, monitor, keyboard, etc.
Monitors, keyboards, and hard drives are not examples of computer networks, language, or standards.
Servers involve the use of software programs to link multiple computers to other programs. A dashboard
allows computer users to view various types of information (widgets) in a single computer window or
screen.
SOURCE: NF:084
SOURCE: Dlabay, L., Burrow, J.L., & Kleindl, B. (2019). Principles of business (9th ed.). [Lesson 11.1].
Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
52. D
Browser bookmarking applications. Browsers are computer software that retrieve information from the
World Wide Web. They have bookmarking applications that allow computer users to select websites and
store their URLs on a personal computer for easy access in the future. Bookmarking applications allow
users to organize sites by categories by placing them into folders on a computer. Notebooks are not
online tools. An intranet is an internal network, similar to the Internet, that is accessible only by
authorized employees. A word-processing memo template formats a type of written message.
SOURCE: NF:006
SOURCE: Computer Hope. (2019, June 30). Bookmark. Retrieved August 26, 2019, from
https://www.computerhope.com/jargon/b/bookmark.htm
53. C
Kelli, Juan, and Phil can access and make changes to the company production schedule from their home
computers. Groupware applications allow employees to access the same information from different
locations. Because Kelli, Juan, and Phil can access the company's production schedule from their home
computers, they are using groupware. There is not enough information provided to determine if the other
groups can access presentation software programs, spreadsheet reports, and desktop publishing
software through groupware applications, such as company intranets.
SOURCE: NF:011
SOURCE: WiseGEEK. (2003-2019). What is groupware? Retrieved August 26, 2019, from
http://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-groupware.htm

Test 1207

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

23

54. A
Make decisions. Project-management software helps project managers automate, schedule, and track
the various project components by computer. If used appropriately, the software can help a project run
efficiently. One thing software cannot do is make decisions. Individuals make decisions that are often
based on input entered into the computer.
SOURCE: NF:130
SOURCE: Gido, J., Clements, J., & Baker, R. (2018). Successful project management (7th ed.)
[Appendix A]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
55. D
Communicating the benefits of the data change. When data change occurs, it is important to obtain
employees' support by demonstrating the benefits of the change to employees. Ignoring errors that come
up during implementation is not a good idea because those errors will cause problems later.
Management should make staff aware of specific data changes—not just inform that they will occur
continuously. Finally, data change should not occur during a busy time of year because it could cause
problems and affect the efficiency of the organization.
SOURCE: NF:264
SOURCE: Hawley, J. (2017, March 9). 10 best practices in change management. Retrieved September
3, 2019, from http://www.quickbase.com/blog/10-best-practices-in-change-management
56. A
Needs and product preferences of its customers. Businesses keep many types of records about their
customers. Sales-call reports, sales follow-up reports, and invoices provide a lot of information about a
particular customer. By maintaining these types of records, the business can review the information at
any given time to determine a particular customer's buying habits, buying patterns, and product
preferences. By learning about a customer's preferences, the business can help the customer with future
buying decisions. Helping customers with their buying decisions often builds trusting and long-term
buyer-seller relationships. Customer records will not help the business determine the goals and
motivation of its major competitors, the performance levels of it marketing staff, or the productivity levels
of its operational efforts.
SOURCE: NF:002
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L., & Fowler, A.R. (2016). Marketing (4th ed.). [Lesson 5.2.1]. Boston, MA:
Cengage Learning, Inc.
57. B
Plan special sales. Businesses monitor internal inventory records to keep track of the type and quantity of
products that are in stock. By monitoring this information, businesses can identify an oversupply of
certain products, or products that are slow sellers. The inventory records help businesses decide when it
would be appropriate to plan a special sale to get rid of excess inventory or slow-selling items. Keeping
these items in stock ties up money that the business could use to buy new products that customers want
to buy. Businesses do not monitor internal inventory records to obtain the information needed to organize
new displays, evaluate vendors, or create safety rules.
SOURCE: NF:014
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L., & Fowler, A.R. (2016). Marketing (4th ed.). [Lesson 5.2.1]. Boston, MA:
Cengage Learning, Inc.
58. C
Safety inspections. Governments develop regulations to ensure the safety of workers. Some government
regulations require that businesses have their machinery inspected on a regular basis by a government
agent or independent entity to ensure that the business is complying with safety regulations. During the
inspection, the inspector might identify problems or hazards that compromise worker safety. By
identifying the problems, the business can take corrective action to ensure worker safety and to be in
compliance. Undergoing accounting audits, security analyses, and ethics training programs are not
actions that will identify workplace hazards.
SOURCE: OP:339
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L., Kleindl, B., & Becraft, M.B. (2017). Business management (14th ed.) [Lesson
23.3]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.

Test 1207

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

24

59. A
Assigning the wrong person to a job. One of the tasks that project managers do during the planning
phase is delegating work to various members of the project team. It is important to do so ethically by
paying attention to people's strengths, interests, abilities, and time constraints. Project managers should
not give jobs to people who are not qualified to do the work required of the roles. Because the designer
has no experience, s/he might not have been the best person for the job, which causes issues for the
project as a whole. There is no indication that the project manager covered up wrongdoing/blamed
others, used money inappropriately, or violated workers' rights.
SOURCE: OP:675
SOURCE: LAP-OP-675—Projects With Principles (Ethics in Project Management)
60. C
Learns from coworkers. When employees regularly share ideas and techniques, they learn from each
other and gain new knowledge and skills. Earning more income, viewing his/her work environment
positively, and working from home are all great benefits an employee can gain, but they do not
necessarily help an employee grow.
SOURCE: EI:130
SOURCE: LAP-EI-130—Genius Is a Team Sport (Collaborating With Others)
61. A
To plan for the unexpected. When identifying resources, it is important to be realistic. This often means
planning for the unexpected because it's not a good idea to assume that everything will go correctly.
Therefore, it is important to build in a safety net, or padding, in case something happens. For example,
allow a little more time in the event that project members need to deal with other activities. It is not a
good idea to try to cut corners and get by with less than you really need. Building in a safety net does not
involve finding substitutes or obtaining financial support.
SOURCE: OP:003
SOURCE: LAP-OP-531—Get What You Need (Identifying Project Resources)
62. B
Tracking deadlines. It is important to track deadlines while a project is being completed so that the project
does not fall behind schedule. Also, one part of a project may need to be completed before another part
can begin. Project managers make sure everyone is focusing on the same objective rather than changing
the objective. Project managers usually give directions that workers are expected to follow. Effective
project managers encourage others to do their part rather than give orders.
SOURCE: OP:002
SOURCE: Project Management Institute (2013). A guide to the project management body of
knowledge: PMBOK guide (6th ed.) [pp. 185-192]. Newtown Square, PA: Project
Management Institute.
63. D
Customer dissatisfaction and loss of business. Purchasers should try to obtain goods and services at the
lowest possible price; however, this should not be done if the quality of the product will be sacrificed.
When purchasers do opt to buy inferior parts, they will find that the customers will complain about faulty
products. This can ultimately result in a loss of business. Although customers may initially be satisfied
with the low prices, they will not be satisfied with the product in the long run and are not likely to become
repeat customers.
SOURCE: OP:015
SOURCE: LAP-OP-002—Buy Right (Purchasing)
64. B
Specifications and deadlines. The request for quotation (RFQ) summarizes the details about a business's
needs, bid requirements (guidelines), and deadlines. The business should include statistical data if the
prospective vendor needs them to respond to the RFQ. Businesses typically do not include prices,
purchase orders, discounts, and checklists in their RFQs.
SOURCE: OP:160
SOURCE: Leonard, K. (2019, March 1). Five steps of a bidding process. Retrieved August 26, 2019,
from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/five-steps-bidding-process-23870.html

Test 1207

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

25

65. D
Collaborative. A collaborative attitude involves a willingness to work together to achieve mutually
beneficial goals. Collaboration requires honest, objective, and ongoing communication. When businesses
are willing to work together, they are more likely to build positive long-term relationships. Creative,
influential, and reflective (thoughtful) attitudes are helpful and can enhance collaboration, but having a
collaborative attitude is the key to fostering successful, long-term relationships with vendors.
SOURCE: OP:241
SOURCE: Wisner, J.D., Tan, K.T., & Leong, G.K. (2019). Principles of supply chain management: A
balanced approach (5th ed.) [Lesson 3.3]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
66. A
Special. A special order is a request for a custom product or a product that a vendor does not normally
carry in stock. Because the Frederick Company needs a shelving unit that has unusual measurements,
the vendor needs to custom-make it for the company. An open order is an order for staple goods that is
placed with one of several available vendors who can meet the business's immediate requirements (e.g.,
time, price, quantity). A blanket order is an order that covers all or part of a retailer's seasonal
requirements. A reorder is an order for items that the business has previously purchased. There is not
enough information provided to determine if the Frederick Company has previously ordered the same
custom-made shelves.
SOURCE: OP:250
SOURCE: Bragg, S. (2019, January 3). Special order. Retrieved September 4, 2019, from
https://www.accountingtools.com/articles/2019/1/3/special-order
67. C
Grain, minerals, leather, and oil. Businesses (e.g., manufacturers) usually maintain an inventory of items
that they use to produce their goods. Grain, minerals, leather, and petroleum are examples of products
that a business might use to make cereal, jewelry, coats, and gasoline, respectively. Paper, bolts, and
leather may be classified as raw materials, if they are being used to produce finished goods. Ore is a
mineral. Staplers, tables, and household cleansers are finished goods.
SOURCE: OP:336
SOURCE: Wisner, J.D., Tan, K.T., & Leong, G.K. (2019). Principles of supply chain management: A
balanced approach (5th ed.) [Lesson 7.2a]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
68. D
Its concession strategy. A concession is something that one party gives up during a negotiation. Effective
negotiators plan the points that they are willing to concede before going to the negotiating table. By
giving up or agreeing to something that is not important, the business uses its concession as leverage to
get the vendor to agree to something that is important to the business. Some points that businesses
negotiate with the vendor are the lead time for an order, discounts, and shipping terms. The business
considers its purchasing power when planning its overall negotiating strategy.
SOURCE: OP:337
SOURCE: O'Brien, J. (2017, April 6). Winning negotiation techniques. Retrieved September 3, 2019,
from https://www.procurementleaders.com/blog/blog/winning-negotiation-techniques—
676220#.XW6rjShKiM8
69. B
To minimize errors. Quality control involves ensuring the degree of excellence of a good or service. Most
businesses use some type of quality-control method at work to achieve excellence and minimize errors.
Quality-control methods vary depending on the type of business, but they are all intended to help the
business operate efficiently and correctly. An example of a quality-control method might be having two
people conduct an inventory count to minimize the possibility that one person will make a mistake.
Businesses do not use quality-control methods to organize employees, attract vendors, or guarantee
safety.
SOURCE: OP:164
SOURCE: Griffin, R.W. (2018). Fundamentals of management (8th ed.) [Lesson 15-5]. Boston, MA:
Cengage Learning, Inc.

Test 1207

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

26

70. D
Rent. Fixed costs are business expenses that do not change with changes in sales volume. Fixed costs
include items such as salaries, rent, mortgage, and property taxes. Variable costs are business costs that
change and include commissions, delivery charges, and cost of goods sold.
SOURCE: OP:024
SOURCE: LAP-OP-009—Watch Your (Over) Head (Overhead/Operating Costs)
71. A
Building relationships with vendors. Supply chain management is the process of getting products into the
marketplace. One aspect of supply chain management is building relationships with vendors to ensure a
smooth product flow from production to consumers. Creating advertising campaigns, forecasting sales,
and hiring new employees are not aspects of supply chain management.
SOURCE: OP:303
SOURCE: Wisner, J.D., Tan, K.T., & Leong, G.K. (2019). Principles of supply chain management: A
balanced approach (5th ed.) [Lesson 1.4a]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
72. D
Staying in compliance with laws and regulations. Risk management is a business activity that involves
the planning, controlling, preventing, and procedures to limit business losses. Risk management deals
largely with minimizing the possibility of risk to the ongoing operation of a business. If a business does
not comply with laws, then it may be sued or fined, which could result in substantial financial losses or
significant disruption to operations. Preparing operational budgets, determining appropriate advertising
media, and setting product prices relate to other areas of marketing and management that do not directly
involve risk management.
SOURCE: RM:043
SOURCE: Ashe-Edmunds, S. (2018, October 15). Importance of compliance in business. Retrieved
September 4, 2019, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/importance-compliance-business71173.html
73. D
Lets them know why they succeeded or failed. Processes are sets of steps used to reach an outcome.
Process thinking means keeping processes in mind throughout a project or business venture. Process
thinking helps organizations know why they succeeded or failed because they can look back at and
assess the process that was used, which is usually the cause of success or failure. Process thinking
does not enable organizations to find out who to blame for issues because it shifts the focus from people
to processes. Process thinking encourages documentation rather than helping organizations avoid it.
Finally, process thinking encourages collaboration between departments rather than keeping work
separate.
SOURCE: OP:474
SOURCE: Pitagorsky, G. (2019). The importance of process thinking. Retrieved September 3, 2019,
from https://www.projecttimes.com/george-pitagorsky/the-importance-of-processthinking.html
74. B
Competition. Competition is one of the main external factors that may cause a firm to change its business
processes. Although desire for growth, low employee morale, and high operating costs are reasons to
change business processes, these are all internal factors.
SOURCE: OP:476
SOURCE: Gleeson, P. (2019, February 12). Factors that may cause change in an organization.
Retrieved September 3, 2019, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/factors-may-causechange-organization-203.html

Test 1207

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

27

75. A
Technology. Technology has led to significant changes in shipment tracking, and has, therefore, affected
supply chain management. Globalization, economic downturns, and production changes can also
significantly affect supply chain management, but do not relate directly to online shipment tracking.
SOURCE: OP:478
SOURCE: Wisner, J.D., Tan, K.T., & Leong, G.K. (2019). Principles of supply chain management: A
balanced approach (5th ed.) [Lesson 1-3]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
76. A
So that the information is readily accessible when it is needed. Companies should make inventories of
their digital information so that it can be easily accessed when it is needed, and so that no important data
are lost. It is not necessarily true that employees don't use their computers wisely. Most employees use
their computers appropriately and responsibly. Companies do not make inventories of their information to
prevent IT professionals from stealing company data or to keep tabs on what employees are doing
online.
SOURCE: OP:517
SOURCE: Parrish, S. (2014, February 18). Planning steps to protect your digital assets. Retrieved
September 3, 2019, from https://www.forbes.com/sites/steveparrish/2014/02/18/planningstepsto-protect-your-digital-assets/#32a3662def0c
77. C
Data protection strategies should be reevaluated often. Data protection strategies should be reevaluated
often because, as technology changes and hackers become more sophisticated, what was a good
strategy five years ago may not be effective today. Protecting digital data is an important task for
everyone in the company, not just the IT department. If a company fails to adequately protect its data,
customers will likely have a negative perception of that company. Protecting digital customer data is
necessary for businesses of all sizes.
SOURCE: OP:518
SOURCE: Casey, K. (2013, January 28). 6 steps to better customer data protection. Retrieved
September 3, 2019, from http://www.darkreading.com/risk-management/6-steps-to-bettercustomer-data-protection/d/d-id/1108392
78. A
Prioritize tasks. Prioritizing tasks involves ranking the tasks in the order of their importance. This helps
employees decide which tasks are absolutely essential and should be completed first. In some cases,
routine tasks can or should be set aside momentarily to finish essential tasks. Relying on coworkers is
not a good way for an employee to carry out his/her job responsibilities. Rushing through the day's work
may cause employees to make too many mistakes. A planned, systematic approach is the best way to
accomplish work tasks.
SOURCE: PD:009
SOURCE: Downing, S., & Brennan, J. (2018). On course: Strategies for success in college, career, and
life (9th ed.) [Lesson 4-3a]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
79. D
Saving enough to buy a concert ticket. A short-term goal is an objective or want that takes less than a
year to achieve—normally set for a day, week, or month. Saving money for any purpose, such as
purchasing a concert ticket, is a financial goal. Starting your own business would be a career goal that
includes long-term financial goals. Walking a mile every day is a physical goal. Getting a promotion within
five years is a long-term career goal.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: LAP-PD-016—Go for the Goal (Goal Setting)

Test 1207

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

28

80. B
Helping his office run faster and more efficiently. Employees who work in office management use critical
thinking and problem-solving skills to help their offices run faster and more efficiently. Packaging and
distributing warehouse orders, helping customers decide how to invest their money, and creating a
marketing plan for a new product are not typical job duties for employees in office management.
SOURCE: PD:297
SOURCE: LAP-PD-297—Career Opportunities in Business Management and Administration
81. B
Telephone number. Résumés should contain personal information about an individual such as full name,
address, telephone number, etc. Year of graduation is considered to be educational information. The
names of parents would not be included in a résumé. If an applicant was previously employed, the former
rate of pay would be included as work information.
SOURCE: PD:031
SOURCE: Littrell, J.J., Lorenz, J.H, & Smith, H.T. (2012). School to career (9th ed.) [pp. 336-337].
Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
82. A
Health and safety. Keeping employees healthy and safe is one of the most important tasks that an
organization must do. In the business world, work-related illnesses or injuries are not only harmful to
employees but can also cause legal trouble for the company. Codes of conduct generally include rules
that aim to protect people from anything that could endanger them or cause health issues. ABC Corp. is
keeping its employees safe from weather-related accidents. This situation does not relate to
discrimination, conflicts of interest, or insubordination.
SOURCE: PD:251
SOURCE: LAP-PD-251—Know the Code (Following Rules of Conduct)
83. C
Organizational. Organizational goals affect the overall organization. Organizational goals may involve
things such as increasing efficiency levels, growing the business, or expanding market share. Ideological
goals involve the vision and general purpose of the company's existence. Financial goals address the
company's income and expenses. Inputs are resources that are used to produce outputs.
SOURCE: PD:254
SOURCE: Griffin, R.W. (2018). Fundamentals of management (8th ed.) [Lesson 3-1a]. Boston, MA:
Cengage Learning, Inc.
84. C
Why are we doing this project? The purpose of the project defines the reason for the project. Defining the
purpose is critical because the project's goals, activities, and deliverables are based upon the purpose
statement. To define the purpose, stakeholders need to determine why the project needs to be done.
What the project will produce is asked when determining deliverables. Questions about the materials and
the project team are related to resources that will be needed to complete the project.
SOURCE: PJ:005
SOURCE: Gido, J., Clements, J., & Baker, R. (2018). Successful project management (7th ed.) [Lesson
4-2]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
85. C
Work breakdown structure dictionary. A work breakdown structure dictionary is a resource that
accompanies a work breakdown structure and provides relevant information on each component of the
WBS. A scope statement is a written description of major deliverables, assumptions, objectives, and
constraints of a project. A resource breakdown structure hierarchically organizes and demonstrates all of
a project team's resources. A project charter is a document written during the initiation phase that
explains the overview, approach, and approval of a project.
SOURCE: PJ:006
SOURCE: Casagrande, F. (2018, November 28). WBS dictionary. Retrieved September 4, 2019, from
https://www.projectmanagement.com/wikis/397396/WBS-Dictionary

Test 1207

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

29

86. C
Tracking a milestone. Tracking milestones is a control activity that project managers perform. Milestones
are the major points or phases in a project's life cycle that have been reached. In the situation described,
the software-development phase is a milestone because it was completed, which means the project can
proceed to the next stage of the project. Because this phase of the project was running ahead of
schedule, the project manager is not evaluating a time constraint or assessing a setback. There is no
information provided to determine if the project manager has decided to change a process.
SOURCE: PJ:009
SOURCE: Gido, J., Clements, J., & Baker, R. (2018). Successful project management (7th ed.) [Lesson
2-3]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
87. C
Nina advises Milton that he is responsible for preparing the team's weekly status report. Delegating is
assigning authority or responsibility to another person and is an important aspect of effectively managing
a project team. Delegation involves matching project tasks and activities with the team members who
have the skills and expertise to perform them. Because Nina gives Milton the authority to prepare the
team's weekly status report, she is delegating responsibility. Bill is providing Peter with critical feedback.
Stan is asking Joanna and Tom to help him brainstorm ideas to solve a problem. Anne is conducting a
staffing activity by determining that Bob possesses skills that she needs for her project team.
SOURCE: PJ:007
SOURCE: Gido, J., Clements, J., & Baker, R. (2018). Successful project management (7th ed.) [Lesson
10-4]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
88. A
Objectives have been achieved. When a project closes, it ends. Before closing a project, all members
involved with the project—the project manager, project team members, and the stakeholders—must
determine that the project objectives have been achieved. After all of the involved parties agree that the
project objectives have been achieved, then they conduct activities to close the project, such as obtaining
feedback about processes, preparing final reports, dispersing equipment and supplies, and releasing
project team members. Some project team members may resume regular duties; however, some team
members are contracted workers and their employment ends when the project ends. The project
manager, team members, and stakeholders do not need to agree that resources have been used
efficiently or that the project stayed within budget to close the project.
SOURCE: PJ:008
SOURCE: Gido, J., Clements, J., & Baker, R. (2018). Successful project management (7th ed.) [Lesson
9-1]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
89. C
Methodology. Six Sigma is a popular quality-management methodology. A methodology is a set of
principles or guidelines, rather than a technique. It is not a questionnaire. A company may or may not
require Six Sigma to be implemented.
SOURCE: QM:001
SOURCE: LAP-QM-001—Keep It Quality (Nature of Quality Management)
90. B
Higher demand. Continuous improvement is an ongoing process that looks for ways to increase the
levels of excellence in relation to a process, good, or service. Potential benefits of improved processes
often increase the business's productivity levels. Increased productivity levels result in increased outputs,
lower costs, and increased revenue. When quality improves, customer satisfaction levels often increase,
which often results in a higher demand for the business's goods and services. A premium is an item that
a business offers to the purchasers of a particular product. Offering premiums to customers and
increasing product options do not impact the continuous quality-improvement efforts of a business's
products.
SOURCE: QM:003
SOURCE: Taylor, H. (2017, September 26). Benefits of continuous quality improvement (CQI).
Retrieved September 3, 2019, from https://bizfluent.com/facts-5317408-benefits-continuousquality-improvement-cqi.html

Test 1207

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

30

91. A
Act ethically themselves. If a company’s top leaders are not ethical, it is unlikely that anyone else will be.
Leaders need to set the precedent by acting ethically and encouraging the importance of ethics in risk
management. Discouraging risk-taking is not necessarily ethical or a good business practice; risk-taking
is unavoidable if businesses want to succeed. Hiring risk managers is not necessarily a way to
encourage ethical behavior in risk management unless those risk managers are focused on ethics.
Finally, everyone in the company should be involved in risk management, not just middle managers.
SOURCE: RM:041
SOURCE: LAP-RM-041—Manage Risk the Right Way (Ethics in Risk Management)
92. D
Gap analysis. A business uses a gap analysis to compare the current status of an activity or process with
the desired outcome for that activity or process. Businesses use gap analyses to evaluate many types of
business functions and activities including necessary skills, training, technology, and profitability. A mind
map is a creative-thinking technique that involves generating ideas by making associations. A decision
tree is a method that businesses often use to facilitate the decision-making process. It involves using a
tree-shaped image in which each branch of the tree represents a possible occurrence or outcome.
Critical path refers to a project management tool that illustrates all activities needed to complete a task in
the order in which they need performed.
SOURCE: OP:327
SOURCE: Ball, J. (2018, January 23). Gap analysis. Retrieved September 4, 2019, from
https://www.projectmanagement.com/wikis/233055/Gap-Analysis
93. D
Environmental. Environmental risks include natural disasters. When relying on a factory in another
country, the automobile manufacturer in Country A assumes the risk that if a natural disaster occurs in
Country B, it will possibly be unable to continue production. This is not an example of employee, political,
or health and safety risks.
SOURCE: RM:092
SOURCE: NIBusinessInfo.co.uk. (2017, March 14). Risk management: The types of risk your business
faces. Retrieved September 3, 2019, from https://www.nibusinessinfo.co.uk/content/typesrisk-your-business-faces
94. C
Managers decide how to use the business's resources. Management is the process of coordinating
resources to accomplish an organization's goals. Managers are responsible for coordinating the
resources needed to operate the business, including human resources (staffing), financial resources,
equipment, and supplies. Coordinating resources involves using them in efficient, cost-effective ways.
Managers must understand the employees' jobs, but they do not always need to know how to perform
them. Executive-level managers, rather than employees, set the organizational standards. Managers
determine the type of training needed, but do not always train the employees themselves.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: LAP-SM-003—Manage This! (Concept of Management)
95. C
Reallocating resources. The organizing function of management sets up the way the business's work will
be done. Often, managers such as Caitlin need to reorganize employees' workloads in order to
accomplish the business's goals. Providing employees with feedback is a controlling activity. Providing
employees with training is a staffing activity. Establishing goals is a planning activity.
SOURCE: SM:064
SOURCE: LAP-SM-064—Putting It All Together (Managerial Considerations in Organizing)

Test 1207

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

31

96. D
Staffing; recruiting. Staffing is the management function of finding workers for the business. Staffing
activities include recruiting, interviewing, hiring, and orienting new employees. Planning is the
management function of deciding what will be done and how it will be accomplished. Controlling is the
management function that monitors the work effort. Monitoring is a control activity. Directing is the
management function of providing guidance to workers and work projects. Acquiring is obtaining or
purchasing something.
SOURCE: SM:065
SOURCE: Longenecker, J.G., Petty, J.W., Palich, L.E., & Hoy, F. (2020). Small business management:
Launching and growing entrepreneurial ventures (19th ed.) [pp. 438-439]. Boston, MA:
Cengage Learning, Inc.
97. D
People-focused. Interpersonal communications are the foundation of directing, so the human factor must
be taken into account. The relationships managers form with their subordinates are essential, and
managers need to understand human behavior. While directing is also executive, continuous, and
creative, these aspects are not described in this example.
SOURCE: SM:066
SOURCE: LAP-SM-066—Take Action (Managerial Considerations in Directing)
98. B
Profitability. Profitability control measures the profitability of the company's various products, territories,
customer groups, channels, and order sizes. Annual-plan control is used to ensure the company
achieves sales and profit goals. Strategic control includes a periodic assessment of the company and its
strategies in the marketplace. Efficiency control focuses on finding ways to increase the efficiency of the
sales force, advertising, sales promotion, and distribution.
SOURCE: SM:004
SOURCE: LAP-SM-400—Measure Up! (Managerial Control)
99. C
Collaboration. One of the ways that an organization can encourage change is through collaboration.
Collaboration between multiple departments allows for more creativity, which in turn leads to more
innovation and change. This example is not related to training, customer service, or resilience.
SOURCE: SM:094
SOURCE: Metcalf, M. (2017, July 21). How to create a culture of innovation and learning. Retrieved
September 3, 2019, from
https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbescoachescouncil/2017/07/21/how-to-create-a-culture-ofinnovation-and-learning/
100. D
Companies do not properly execute the change-management lifecycle. Many organizational changes fail
because the changes are not implemented properly. Big changes may be difficult to execute throughout
entire companies, but it can be done by using the change-management lifecycle. Most people are
resistant to change, but executing a change correctly can help them accept the change. Employees may
need a large amount of time to adjust to changes.
SOURCE: SM:096
SOURCE: Lipman, V. (2016, February 8). Why does organizational change usually fail? New study
provides simple answer. Retrieved September 3, 2019, from
https://www.forbes.com/sites/victorlipman/2016/02/08/why-does-organizational-changeusually-fail-new-study-provides-simple-answer/#3142f3044bf8

