1. Which of the following is an important step to take to ensure a protest is peaceful and effective:
A. Avoid violence and vandalism during the protest.
B. Demonstrate your importance by using harsh, insulting language.
C. Obtain your senator's permission before assembling the protest.
D. Argue against any opponents to your protest.

2. Which of the following is an example of a voluntary debtor-creditor relationship:
A. Owing punitive damages
B. Receiving a monetary gift
C. Requesting specific information
D. Obtaining a loan from a bank

3. Which of the following is a benefit of settling a case instead of going to trial:
A. Settlements are less predictable.
B. Settlements ensure a chance at appeal.
C. Settlements involve a "guilty" or "not guilty" verdict.
D. Settlements are more private.

4. The person who files a lawsuit is the
A. plaintiff.
B. defendant.
C. lawyer.
D. judge.

5. Which of the following is true of arbitration:
A. It is an adversarial process.
B. It usually has a win-win outcome.
C. It is a cooperative process.
D. It is more expensive than litigation.

6. Which of the following is a graphic aid that uses text to depict a sequence of events or the order of a process:
A. Geographic map
B. Pie chart
C. Bar chart
D. Flowchart

7. The focus of most letters that a business writes to its customers should be about the
A. customers' opinions.
B. business's services.
C. business's history.
D. customers' interests.

8. In which of the following situations would a businessperson write a persuasive inquiry using an indirect format:
A. A letter requesting the date and time of a professional development workshop
B. A direct-mail letter asking for financial support to help a charitable organization
C. A memo asking for a detailed sales report for the previous six-month period
D. An email message requesting membership eligibility requirements in an organization

9. What type of analytical report is likely to contain the following statement? "Based on the facts presented, it is my recommendation that we continue with the existing course of action and complete the road closures and updates to enhance the city's infrastructure."
A. Justification report
B. Market analysis report
C. Due diligence report
D. Troubleshooting report

10. During the last few paragraphs of a research report, the writer should
A. draw conclusions from their research and provide recommendations if necessary.
B. explain the methods for their research and list sources that were used.
C. question the validity of their research and provide a disclaimer for readers.
D. ask the reader to draw their own conclusions based on the research presented.

11. Which of the following would be an effective way to communicate a job-related suggestion to your supervisor:
A. A letter of transmittal
B. An office memorandum
C. An executive summary
D. A personal letter

12. Employees can generally identify difficult customers
A. after asking personal questions.
B. by observing customers' dress.
C. by listening to customers' accents.
D. during their initial contact.

13. One form of technology that businesses use to personalize their ongoing communication with customers is
A. infomercials.
B. banner ads.
C. opt-in email.
D. radio messages.

14. A farmer has 1,000 acres. They decide to plant apple trees on 800 acres and raise cows on the remaining 200 acres. If they wanted to raise more cows, they would have to reduce the amount of land allotted to growing apples. This is an example of
A. opportunity cost.
B. distribution.
C. efficiency.
D. utility.

15. A music streaming service has two versions: one with advertisements and one without advertisements for a monthly fee. What business model does this describe?
A. Freemium
B. Franchise
C. Auction
D. Affiliate

16. The formula for calculating gross profit is
A. income from sales minus cost of merchandise.
B. net profit plus cost of merchandise.
C. income from sales minus net profit.
D. income from sales minus operating expenses.

17. A country imports $15,132,820 worth of goods and services, exports $15,694,454 worth of goods and services, and pays $1,750,500 in foreign aid. What is the amount of the country's trade surplus?
A. $2,312,134
B. $561,634
C. $1,188,866
D. $852,820

18. The value of a country's currency declines when it implements policies that restrict trade. What is the primary factor affecting the change in value of the currency in this situation?
A. Civil unrest
B. Isolationism
C. Demographics
D. Cultural differences

19. As Penny used her emotional intelligence to separate negative feelings from the positive action she could take in a situation, she experienced the benefit of
A. solving problems.
B. responding to criticism appropriately.
C. communicating needs effectively.
D. being flexible.

20. The picture or image that you have of yourself is referred to as your
A. self-concept.
B. role.
C. composite.
D. self-esteem.

21. Thinking about the consequences is part of which step of the ethical dilemma response process?
A. Reflect on the outcome.
B. Get the facts.
C. Consider all your potential actions.
D. Identify the dilemma.

22. One of Megan’s coworkers frequently makes critical comments about Megan’s computer skills. Megan can use self-control in this situation to help her
A. file a formal complaint.
B. learn aggressive behavior.
C. avoid an angry response.
D. get back at her coworker.

23. Which of the following is a result of learning how to sell your ideas:
A. Improved communication skills
B. Decreased self-confidence
C. Lower chance of receiving a job
D. A guaranteed promotion at work

24. Angela has achieved business success, and many other people look up to and imitate her. This makes her a(n)
A. hero.
B. leader.
C. example.
D. role model.

25. Leaders that share their power recognize that
A. they can't trust their subordinates.
B. most goals can't be reached alone.
C. their followers won't do a good job.
D. they won't meet their goals as quickly.

26. John's supervisor provides only general guidance, avoids giving specific or detailed directions, and wants employees to function independently. What leadership style is the supervisor following?
A. Democratic
B. Authoritarian
C. Laissez-faire
D. Assertive

27. Ryan buys a car, but he stops making payments after a few months. The seller is able to repossess the car because it has a(n) __________ on the title.
A. lien
B. installment
C. rating
D. principal

28. Which of the following is an example of an individual setting a financial goal:
A. Saving enough money to retire in 10 years
B. Making a will to distribute personal assets
C. Reviewing various health insurance options
D. Obtaining a credit card for emergencies

29. After learning that her accountant treated another customer unethically, Bethany decided to hire a different firm for the next year. This is an example of how
A. ethics reduce legal liability.
B. ethics affect customer loyalty.
C. customers control a company's ethical policies.
D. accountants cannot control customer satisfaction.

30. Items of value are listed under which of the following components of the balance sheet:
A. Assets
B. Liabilities
C. Owner's equity
D. Notes

31. If the cash from operating activities is consistently greater than the company's net income, the company's net earnings are of a(n) __________ quality.
A. excessive
B. low
C. moderate
D. high

32. Which of the following helps you determine the total cost of a consumer loan:
A. Origination fees
B. Annual percentage rate
C. Repayment terms
D. Credit score

33. Which of the following is a true statement regarding knowledge management and employees:
A. Knowledge management can be successful without employee involvement.
B. Not every employee should be expected to contribute knowledge.
C. Contributing knowledge should be a simple task for employees.
D. The company benefits from knowledge management, but individual employees do not.

34. What is a primary characteristic of intellectual capital?
A. Observable
B. Factual
C. Intangible
D. Reliable

35. A business establishes virtual workspaces for several project teams in which information and expertise are continuously updated and shared among all of the work teams' members. What form of knowledge management technology is the business using?
A. Remote search engines
B. Knowledge repositories
C. Knowledge-mapping tools
D. Decision support systems

36. Corsica Steel Mill has developed a new process to reduce the time it takes to complete a phase of production. To legally protect this new process from unauthorized use, the company should obtain a
A. patent.
B. copyright.
C. trademark.
D. trade name.

37. Which of the following actions is most likely to help a business protect its trade secrets:
A. Require employees to develop a noncompete agreement
B. Apply for copyright protection with the government
C. Publish a nondisclosure statement on its website
D. Limit access to the sensitive information

38. Over the years, Malcolm has implemented strategies that help him perform and complete a work activity more efficiently. The department manager has asked Malcolm to write down the steps of the process so that the instructions will be available for coworkers and employees in the future. This is an example of
A. data procurement.
B. confidential information.
C. project management.
D. knowledge codification.

39. Ralph hosts a video conference about a trade show he recently attended. Which of the following knowledge management processes is Ralph practicing:
A. Acquisition
B. Sharing
C. Creation
D. Refinement

40. When it comes to buying behavior, people tend to
A. purchase products contrary to their needs.
B. satisfy their most urgent needs first.
C. satisfy their less urgent needs first.
D. exhibit no identifiable pattern.

41. Why is it important for businesses to manage employee information in a way that keeps it secure?
A. To be secretive
B. To be ethical
C. To beat the competition
D. To avoid publicity

42. A wholesale distributor would like to track its customers geographically. Which software application would be most effective?
A. Internet
B. Spreadsheet
C. Database
D. Word processing

43. JavaScript, Python, HTML, and CSS are examples of computer
A. disk drives.
B. search engines.
C. service providers.
D. programming languages.

44. What presentation software function allows the user to move and change the order of existing slides?
A. Promote paragraph
B. Transition
C. Slide sorter
D. Note master

45. A primary use of project management software is to
A. define the project's purpose.
B. allocate project resources.
C. develop project standards.
D. evaluate the quality of deliverables.

46. In order for data change to be successful, an organization should
A. enact changes whether or not everyone in the organization agrees.
B. be able to revert back to their old processes.
C. have one employee capable of making the change.
D. be aware of why the change is necessary.

47. Maggie owns an accounting firm and decides to maximize profit by reducing employee expenses. What disadvantage may this cause for Maggie's firm?
A. Lower employee morale
B. Lower profits
C. Higher cost of goods
D. Higher training costs

48. A corporation is building a facility in the city's business district. The city requires that the facility meet certain size, style, structural, and usage requirements. These requirements are outlined in the town's
A. zoning ordinances.
B. health regulations.
C. partnership agreement.
D. tax code.

49. A city in the southwestern region of the country requires community businesses to undergo health and safety inspections to determine if the businesses are complying with
A. securities regulations.
B. free trade agreements.
C. local ordinances.
D. consumer protection laws.

50. An employee who notices the electrical cord to a neon sign is badly frayed should
A. call an electrician to fix it.
B. try to repair the cord.
C. assume someone knows about it.
D. report it to a supervisor.
51. One way that businesses can reduce the risk of credit card fraud at the point of sale is by
A. reviewing sales receipts during closing procedures.
B. verifying the cardholder's identification.
C. conducting a financial audit.
D. establishing credit limits for card usage.

52. How can you keep stakeholders engaged throughout the planning process?
A. Define the project scope.
B. Identify project risks.
C. Develop quality standards.
D. Obtain feedback from your team.

53. Which of the following actions will help a business maintain positive, long-term relationships with its vendors:
A. Solving problems together
B. Limiting communication
C. Negotiating aggressively
D. Withholding information

54. What is required of businesses to maintain positive, long-term relationships with their suppliers?
A. Rigid policies
B. Flexible lead times
C. Autocratic management
D. Ongoing communication

55. Cassandra is a buyer for a department store chain. On Tuesday, she placed a seasonal order with an apparel vendor without providing specific models, sizes, colors, or ship dates. What type of order did Cassandra place?
A. Special
B. Blanket
C. Standing
D. Rush

56. Which of the following is an example of a raw material that a business might inventory for production use:
A. Stapler
B. Toothpaste
C. Wood
D. Chair

57. What should businesses do before negotiating with vendors?
A. Make minor concessions
B. Implement aggressive tactics
C. Assess vendors' strengths and weaknesses
D. Adopt a win-lose attitude

58. Which of the following activities would help a company prepare to negotiate prices with a vendor:
A. Determining the company's long-term and short-term goals
B. Asking the vendor to provide a copy of its budget
C. Assigning the task of researching standard prices to a new employee
D. Reaching out to the vendor's previous customers

59. Which of the following is a main advantage of process performance management:
A. Catching issues before they become problems
B. Minimizing waste
C. Saving time during manufacturing
D. Improving product design

60. Which of the following is an activity that falls under supply chain management:
A. Hiring new employees
B. Creating advertising campaigns
C. Forecasting sales
D. Building relationships with vendors

61. Business analysis is essentially the process of helping companies
A. form.
B. change.
C. grow.
D. communicate.

62. Before Joe starts working on a new assignment, he thinks about the goals of the assignment, the resources he has available to him, and the activities that the project will entail. Joe is implementing
A. business process thinking.
B. personal accountability.
C. business objective planning.
D. inventory management.

63. Stress and fatigue are __________ factors that can affect business process design.
A. human
B. technological
C. regulatory
D. government

64. A company develops a new production process so employees can create products while seated. This requires the company to schedule overtime hours but complies with a law that prevents employees from standing for more than eight hours. The company has changed its manufacturing process in response to
A. employee disabilities.
B. regulations.
C. costly overtime.
D. legal battles.

65. A small brick-and-mortar bookstore will benefit most from a supply chain that is designed to
A. ship books to customers' homes.
B. stock large quantities of best sellers.
C. purchase books to fulfill requested orders.
D. use an electronic commerce center to handle orders.

66. Online shipment tracking is one example of __________ affecting supply chain management.
A. globalization
B. technology
C. economic downturns
D. production changes

67. Supply chain network design improves service and reduces cost by aligning purchasing, production, warehousing, inventory, and
A. the sales force.
B. marketing.
C. transportation.
D. promotion.

68. A devastating earthquake in a major exporting country will likely create long-lasting shipping and transportation delays for much of the country's exports. This is an example of a
A. local regulatory concern.
B. national security risk.
C. global supply chain issue.
D. humanitarian crisis.

69. Which of the following actions can help a business protect its digital assets:
A. Making an inventory of digital information
B. Allowing employees to bring their own devices to work
C. Backing up key data once per fiscal year
D. Giving employees full access to all company data

70. To prevent sensitive customer data from being stolen by hackers, companies should
A. ask customers to sign a waiver in case their information is stolen.
B. prohibit workers from accessing customer information.
C. require that employees follow good password practices.
D. refuse to accept credit or debit cards from customers.

71. Which of the following represents a career goal:
A. To own a big house with a pool
B. To be first in your class
C. To be promoted to sales manager
D. To achieve ideal weight

72. Kara has natural artistic talent and thinks that she might want to work as an interior designer. Kara's artistic ability is an example of a(n)
A. vision.
B. hobby.
C. mindset.
D. aptitude.

73. Many business management and administration (BMA) careers involve dealing with employees, customers, or vendors, but which type of BMA career is all about people?
A. Business analytics
B. Human resources management
C. Operations management
D. Supply chain management

74. For what aspect of a job-search strategy would you be most likely to use the internet?
A. Researching prospective employers
B. Searching for a company's product review
C. Determining pending lawsuits against a company
D. Using a search engine to find out what careers pay the most

75. What is the preferred length of a job resume?
A. Five pages
B. Three pages
C. From one to two pages
D. As long as necessary

76. In which section of the statement of work (SOW) document would you find the following information: "AJB International will be responsible for collecting the research for the project but will not interpret the results."
A. Scope statement
B. Communication plan
C. Purpose statement
D. Goals and objectives

77. The primary purpose of developing a work breakdown structure (WBS) for complex projects is to
A. document the benefits of the project.
B. organize the work in a logical sequence.
C. monitor human resources and supplies.
D. identify potential stakeholders.

78. A project manager has determined that the team completed the software-development phase of the project four days ahead of schedule. What control activity is the project manager performing?
A. Changing a process
B. Evaluating a time constraint
C. Tracking a milestone
D. Assessing a setback

79. Which of the following is an example of a project manager motivating a project team:
A. Zoey sends an email requesting each team member provide her with a weekly activity report.
B. Marcus tells Thomas that he might work more efficiently if he performed one task before another one.
C. Ryan advises Samantha that she will need to perform additional duties while Maggie is on vacation.
D. Tamara recognizes how hard her team is working, so she provides lunch for the team members.

80. Mia decides to change a future deadline on her project's schedule because she knows that, based on her team's performance, they will not meet the deadline. Mia is taking __________ action.
A. defect repair
B. corrective
C. preventative
D. productive

81. Determine the type of project-closing report that would most likely contain the following statement: "In review, group members agreed that additional training before the project began and ongoing technical support during the course of the project would have increased overall efficiency."
A. Stakeholder's expense audit
B. Executive summary
C. Termination checklist
D. Lessons learned document

82. One of the best ways for project managers and their team members to reflect on the positive and negative experiences of a finished project is to
A. immediately start a new project.
B. create a lessons learned document.
C. host a company-wide meeting.
D. follow a work breakdown structure.

83. Which of the following is a factor that keeps quality at the forefront of the modern business world:
A. Outdated technology
B. Weather patterns
C. Consumer pressure
D. Currency fluctuations

84. The cost associated with throwing out defective products as they come off the production line is a(n) __________ cost.
A. internal failure
B. prevention
C. appraisal
D. external failure

85. Capability Maturity Model Integration (CMMI) software has the ability to conduct an audit that compares the business's existing production and acquisition processes with the CMMI model. The audit provides information that will allow the business to
A. manage its human and natural resources effectively.
B. develop long-term financial and operating plans.
C. determine the best way to comply with government regulations.
D. incorporate the best overall quality-improvement processes.

86. What is the potential benefit to a business that continuously takes action to improve the quality of its goods and services?
A. Increased premiums
B. Increased product options
C. Higher demand
D. Higher costs

87. Last year, several clients filed complaints with a government agency stating that TQS Company's employees used questionable tactics to get them to purchase financial products. One action that the company can take to lower risks associated with their employees' behavior is to
A. provide ongoing ethics training for all employees.
B. require accounting managers to develop a code of conduct.
C. develop financial products that better meet clients' needs.
D. encourage employees to use their best judgment in selling situations.

88. Which of the following technologies has proven very successful in creating "what-if" scenarios in the finance industry:
A. Time value of money calculators
B. Financial reporting and consolidation
C. Digital dashboards
D. Account reconciliation

89. A company wants to be alerted to security breaches and other IT threats. What type of software should the company invest in?
A. Threat prediction
B. Word processing
C. Risk management
D. Presentation

90. What can a business do if it is exposed to risks that commercial insurance companies do not cover?
A. Create a trade union
B. Acquire a professional association
C. Form a captive insurance company
D. Establish a risk management committee

91. A company is considering whether to expand its operations into a neighboring country. The company predicts that the expansion will increase profits, but the firm's financial officials are concerned about the strength of the foreign dollar. This is an example of which of the following risk factors associated with international business:
A. Environmental fluctuations
B. Foreign currency exchange
C. Domestic financial policies
D. Governmental regulations

92. What is the primary purpose of managerial planning?
A. To implement activities
B. To prepare for the future
C. To evaluate forecasts
D. To change processes

93. Which of the following is a benefit of organizing:
A. Competitive, challenging goals and objectives
B. Decreased cohesion across departments
C. Tracking, accountability, and growth
D. Increased number of communication channels

94. A manager who is developing compensation plans may
A. decide where and when training is best conducted.
B. determine employee eligibility for benefits.
C. extend a job offer with specific terms and conditions.
D. negotiate with job candidates.

95. Which of the following is a good way for managers to measure their directing ability:
A. Building group dynamics among employees
B. Eavesdropping on employee conversations
C. Motivating employees to achieve company goals
D. Analyzing quantity standards such as sales numbers

96. Which of the following is an example of negative reinforcement:
A. A raise
B. Additional vacation time
C. A bonus
D. Reduced tedious paperwork

97. One of the main functions of managerial control is to make sure that the business's
A. facilities are maintained.
B. objectives are achieved.
C. employees are disciplined.
D. activities are regulated.

98. Which of the following factors is associated with innovative organizations:
A. Fear-based motivation
B. Change avoidance
C. Leadership gaps
D. Adaptability

99. Melissa has been assigned a unique task at work; her boss wants her to oversee her team's adoption of a new software. They explain that Melissa should make a plan for the integration of the new software, support her teammates in the transition, and ensure that the transition is successful. In other words, Melissa is responsible for
A. managerial control.
B. organizational goal setting.
C. human resources management.
D. change management.

100. Many organizational changes fail because
A. companies do not properly execute the change management life cycle.
B. big changes cannot be executed throughout entire companies.
C. most people are resistant to change.
D. managers give their employees too much time to adjust to changes.

/////
1. A
Avoid violence and vandalism during the protest. While most protests begin peacefully, passions can
rise, and sometimes conflict occurs. To effectively communicate your message, you should avoid insults,
violence, and vandalism. Therefore, you should not demonstrate your importance by using harsh,
insulting language. You do not need to obtain your senator's permission before assembling the protest,
though you might need to obtain a permit. You also should not argue against any opponents to your
protest; rather, you should respectfully engage opponents in conversation about the issue.
SOURCE: BL:163 Comply with the spirit and intent of laws and regulations
SOURCE: LAP-BL-163—Laying Down the Law (Complying With the Spirit and Intent of Laws and
Regulations)
2. D
Obtaining a loan from a bank. The debtor is the individual or business that owes money to another
individual or business, which is the creditor. A business that obtains a loan from a bank is entering into a
voluntary debtor-creditor relationship. It is voluntary because the business (debtor) is seeking to obtain
funds from the bank (creditor) by going through a loan application process. A monetary gift is given
without expectations of repayment. A monetary gift and a request for information are not examples of
debtor-creditor relationships. In tort cases, the court can order one party to pay punitive damages to the
other party. This is an example of an involuntary debtor-creditor relationship.
SOURCE: BL:071 Discuss the nature of debtor-creditor relationships
SOURCE: Nelson, N. (2021, January 23). Understanding the debtor-creditor relationship. Retrieved
September 28, 2021, from https://www.wolterskluwer.com/en/expert-insights/understandingthe-debtor-creditor-relationship
3. D
Settlements are more private. In settlements, most details aren't public, meaning that they are much
more private than trials. Settlements cannot be appealed, and they do not involve a “guilty” or “not guilty”
verdict. Settlements are more predictable than a jury decision.
SOURCE: BL:159 Describe factors affecting the settlement of legal matters
SOURCE: Murray, J. (2021, May 21). When should I settle out of court? Retrieved September 28, 2021,
from https://www.thebalancesmb.com/is-it-a-good-idea-to-settle-out-of-court-4772756
4. A
Plaintiff. The plaintiff is the person in a case who makes a claim against another person or organization
and starts the litigation process. The defendant is the person who is accused of breaking the law. The
lawyer is the person who represents the plaintiff and/or defendant. The judge is the person who rules on
a case.
SOURCE: BL:160 Describe the litigation process
SOURCE: Murray, J. (2020, December 2). What is plaintiff in a lawsuit? Retrieved September 28, 2021,
from https://www.thebalancesmb.com/what-is-a-plaintiff-in-a-lawsuit-398411
5. A
It is an adversarial process. Arbitration is an adversarial process, not a cooperative one. Because of this,
it usually does not have a win-win outcome. Arbitration is popular because it is usually less expensive
than litigation.
SOURCE: BL:161 Discuss the arbitration/mediation process
SOURCE: Dorward, L. (2021). Positives & negatives of using arbitration in business contracts.
Retrieved September 28, 2021, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/positives-negativesusing-arbitration-business-contracts-42670.html

Test 1254

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

11

6. D
Flowchart. A flowchart presents a visual depiction of activities or processes in sequential order.
Flowcharts use text in a graphic format to present activities and processes. An example of a flowchart is
an organizational chart, which depicts the hierarchy of positions and departments within an organization.
A pie chart is a graphic aid that shows the frequency or distribution of parts in relation to a whole concept.
A bar chart compares two or more variables in a graphical format. A geographic map is an illustration that
shows the physical attributes (i.e., mountains, rivers) of a location or region.
SOURCE: CO:087 Select and use appropriate graphic aids
SOURCE: Smartdraw. (1994-2021). Flowchart. Retrieved September 28, 2021, from
https://www.smartdraw.com/flowchart/
7. D
Customers' interests. Businesses' letters to customers should have a "you" perspective. The letters may
include information about the business's history and/or services, but these factors should be linked to
meeting customers' needs. In most cases, customers' opinions are not known by businesses and cannot
be addressed.
SOURCE: CO:133 Write business letters
SOURCE: Xerox Corporation. (1986-2021). Writing an effective business letter. Retrieved September
28, 2021, from https://www.office.xerox.com/small-business/tips/business-letter/enus.html
8. B
A direct-mail letter asking for financial support to help a charitable organization. When asking for financial
support, the writer is trying to persuade the recipient to give money. When developing a persuasive
message, the writer is trying to change the recipient's behavior. The recipient might require information
such as how the money will be used and why the organization needs the money. In persuasive inquiries,
it is usually best to use the indirect format. When using the direct format, the writer has specific
information that is needed. Sales reports, the date and time of a workshop, or eligibility requirements in
an organization can usually be requested through the direct format.
SOURCE: CO:040 Write inquiries
SOURCE: Kumar, V. (2019, May 24). Persuasive letters. Retrieved September 28, 2021, from
https://www.roarwap.com/business-communication/persuasive-letter/
9. A
Justification report. Analytical reports are documents that evaluate issues, opportunities, or problems. A
justification report is a type of analytical report that evaluates the success or failure of a previous decision
or course of action. In the recommendations section of a justification report, the writer may validate the
decision, suggest improvements, or describe why an action has been ineffective. A market analysis is a
systematic study of the market. Reports that address financial issues associated with a certain course of
action, such as a merger, are called due diligence reports. Troubleshooting reports address specific
problems, such as a problem with a process.
SOURCE: CO:185 Write analytical reports (i.e., reports that examine a problem/issue and recommend
an action)
SOURCE: McQuerrey, L. (2018, July 1). How to write a justification report. Retrieved September 28,
2021, from https://work.chron.com/write-justification-report-6504.html
10. A
Draw conclusions from their research and provide recommendations if necessary. A research report
should provide solid facts and a logical, understandable analysis of those facts. Toward the end of the
report, the writer should explain the conclusions that can be drawn from the research provided and offer
suggestions and recommendations for using that research if necessary. Explaining the research methods
should be done earlier in the report, not at the end. A works cited page should be included as an
appendix to the report, not as part of the body. The end of a research report is not an appropriate time to
question the validity of the research or provide a disclaimer for readers. If the research done was not high
quality, the paper should not be written. Asking readers to draw their own conclusions based on the
research would not be appropriate.
SOURCE: CO:186 Write research reports
SOURCE: The University of Adelaide. (n.d.). Writing a research report. Retrieved September 28, 2021,
from https://www.adelaide.edu.au/writingcentre/sites/default/files/docs/learningguidewritingaresearchreport.pdf

Test 1254

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

12

11. B
An office memorandum. An office memorandum, or memo, is the most commonly used method of inhouse communication in many businesses. It may be handwritten, typed, or sent by email. A letter of
transmittal is a letter that accompanies a long report or proposal. An executive summary is an overview
of a business plan or other complex report. It is inappropriate to write a personal letter to a supervisor.
SOURCE: CO:014 Explain the nature of staff communication
SOURCE: Windermere, A. (2018, June 29). What is the purpose of issuing a memo? Retrieved
September 28, 2021, from http://work.chron.com/purpose-issuing-memo-9962.html
12. D
During their initial contact. Most employees learn a lot about customers during their first conversation with
the customers by listening, observing, and questioning the customers. This should not include asking
personal questions. The way in which customers dress or speak would not indicate whether they will be
difficult to help.
SOURCE: CR:009 Handle difficult customers
SOURCE: LAP-CR-009—Making Mad Glad (Handling Difficult Customers)
13. C
Opt-in email. Technology allows a business to track a customer's web page visits and purchasing habits,
which helps the business develop a personal profile of the customer. This information helps the business
develop product suggestions and customize sales promotions to offer the customer. These offers are
often sent to the customers via opt-in email or promotional messages that customers permit the business
to send to them electronically. Banner ads, infomercials, and radio messages are forms of nonpersonal
promotion.
SOURCE: CR:018 Describe the use of technology in customer relationship management
SOURCE: Mailbakery Blog. (2021, June 23). 6 benefits of opt-in email marketing. Retrieved September
28, 2021, from https://mailbakery.com/blog/6-benefits-of-opt-in-email-marketing/
14. A
Opportunity cost. If they choose to raise more cows, they will have to give up the apples they could have
grown. Distribution is an economic activity that examines how payments and resources are distributed.
Efficiency is the best use of inputs to achieve maximum output. Utility is the measure of how much use,
pleasure, or satisfaction a consumer gets from a good or service. The farmer's choice does not
necessarily increase efficiency or yield a higher utility.
SOURCE: EC:001 Describe the concepts of economics and economic activities
SOURCE: LAP-EC-901—Are You Satisfied? (Economics and Economic Activities)
15. A
Freemium. A freemium model includes giving away a service at no cost as a way to establish a
relationship with customers and eventually profit from add-ons or premium options. A music streaming
service with both a free and paid version is using the freemium model with the goal of eventually
converting free users to paying customers. This example does not depict a franchise, auction, or affiliate
business model.
SOURCE: EC:138 Describe types of business models
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2020, April 30). What are some examples of different types of business
models in major industries? Retrieved September 28, 2021, from
http://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/042715/what-are-some-examples-different-typesbusiness-models-major-industries.asp
16. A
Income from sales minus cost of merchandise. Gross profit is money left after cost of merchandise
expense is subtracted from total income. Net profit is money remaining after operating expenses are
subtracted from gross profit.
SOURCE: EC:010 Identify factors affecting a business's profit
SOURCE: LAP-EC-002—Risk Rewarded (Factors Affecting Profit)

Test 1254

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

13

17. B
$561,634. A country has a trade surplus when its exports are greater than its imports. In this situation,
the country has a trade surplus because it is exporting more than it is importing. To calculate the amount
of the trade surplus, subtract imports from exports ($15,694,454 − $15,132,820 = $561,634). The amount
that a country pays in foreign aid has no effect on its trade surplus.
SOURCE: EC:016 Explain the nature of global trade
SOURCE: LAP-EC-004—Beyond US (Global Trade)
18. B
Isolationism. Isolationism occurs when a country abstains from political and economic involvement with
other countries. When a country restricts trade, it is limiting the amount of goods and services that move
into and out of the country. When a country limits its economic viability, the value of its currency declines.
Civil unrest, demographics, and cultural differences may influence the value of a country's currency;
however, there is not enough information provided to determine if, or in what ways, these factors have
influenced the country's trade restrictions.
SOURCE: EC:100 Describe the determinants of exchange rates and their effects on the domestic
economy
SOURCE: LAP-EC-100—Get Your Money's Worth (Exchange Rates)
19. A
Solving problems. In this example, Penny did not communicate her needs, respond to criticism
appropriately, or display flexibility. She used her emotional intelligence to solve problems—
acknowledging and separating negative feelings from the positive action she could take to find a solution.
SOURCE: EI:001 Describe the nature of emotional intelligence
SOURCE: LAP-EI-001—EQ and You (Emotional Intelligence)
20. A
Self-concept. Your self-concept is the way you see yourself. It is the composite mental picture you have
of all your roles, traits, and abilities. Although it is a composite and does involve your life roles, these
responses are too specific. Self-esteem refers to the way you feel about your self-concept.
SOURCE: EI:016 Explain the concept of self-esteem
SOURCE: Cherry, K. (2021, April 18). What is self-concept? Retrieved September 28, 2021, from
https://www.verywellmind.com/what-is-self-concept-2795865
21. C
Consider all your potential actions. When facing an ethical dilemma, you may face more than two
options. You should consider all your potential actions and think about the consequences of each. This is
not part of getting the facts, reflecting on the outcome, or identifying the dilemma.
SOURCE: EI:125 Recognize and respond to ethical dilemmas
SOURCE: LAP-EI-125—Make the Right Choice (Recognizing and Responding to Ethical Dilemmas)
22. C
Avoid an angry response. Megan’s coworker is engaging in aggressive behavior. Aggressive people
often make remarks intended to aggravate others. Using self-control to avoid making an angry response
is a good way to handle such people because it can stop the aggression from escalating. Getting back at
the coworker or trying to learn to be aggressive would only make the situation worse. Formal complaints
are used in more serious circumstances.
SOURCE: EI:025 Demonstrate self-control
SOURCE: LAP-EI-014—Control Yourself! (Demonstrating Self-Control)
23. A
Improved communication skills. By learning how to strategically present an idea to another person or
group of people, you're also learning how to communicate effectively. Your communication skills will
likely improve as a result of learning how to sell your ideas. Your self-confidence will also likely improve if
you learn to sell your ideas. You are more likely to receive a job offer if you are able to successfully sell
yourself and your ideas during an interview. Learning how to sell your ideas cannot guarantee that you
will receive a promotion at work, but it may help.
SOURCE: EI:108 "Sell" ideas to others
SOURCE: LAP-EI-108—Do They Buy It? ("Selling" Ideas to Others)

Test 1254

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

14

24. D
Role model. Angela is a role model. A role model is a person whose behavior is imitated by others.
Leaders are often role models, but they also do much more. The behavior of people who are examples
and heroes is not by definition imitated. These people may serve as role models, but not necessarily.
SOURCE: EI:009 Explain the concept of leadership
SOURCE: LAP-EI-909—Lead the Way (Concept of Leadership)
25. B
Most goals can't be reached alone. Sharing the power means recognizing that most goals cannot be
reached alone and engaging followers in meaningful work. Sharing the power does not mean that a
leader doesn't trust their subordinates, that a leader doesn't think that their followers will do a good job, or
that they won't meet goals as quickly.
SOURCE: EI:135 Use power appropriately
SOURCE: LAP-EI-135—Power Play (Using Power Appropriately)
26. C
Laissez-faire. Laissez-faire leaders exercise little or no control over their subordinates. Democratic
leaders seek input from employees and encourage them to participate in planning and decision-making.
They tend to share authority with their subordinates. Authoritarians enjoy being in command. They rely
almost completely upon their own judgment and give very specific orders and instructions to employees.
Assertive is not a style of leadership.
SOURCE: EI:037 Foster positive working relationships
SOURCE: LAP-EI-037—Can You Relate? (Fostering Positive Working Relationships)
27. A
Lien. When a borrower uses installment credit to purchase an expensive item, like a car, the seller has a
lien, or claim, on the title until all installment payments have been made. In most cases, the lender will
hold the title until payment is complete. If for any reason the credit user does not pay, the seller can
repossess, or take back, the good. Installment credit is the type of credit that Ryan is using. A credit
rating is the score assigned to a borrower based on previous loans. Principal is the original amount of a
loan on which the amount of interest is based.
SOURCE: FI:002 Explain the purposes and importance of credit
SOURCE: LAP-FI-002—Give Credit Where Credit Is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
28. A
Saving enough money to retire in 10 years. Financial goals are objectives that individuals want to
achieve. Individuals often set financial goals based on a time factor because they have a need that they
want to satisfy. In this situation, retiring in 10 years is the need that can be satisfied by saving money
every month. Making a will to distribute personal assets, reviewing various health insurance options, and
obtaining a credit card for emergencies are not examples of financial goals.
SOURCE: FI:065 Set financial goals
SOURCE: Fontinelle, A. (2021, June 1). How to set financial goals for your future. Retrieved September
28, 2021, from https://www.investopedia.com/articles/personal-finance/100516/settingfinancial-goals/
29. B
Ethics affect customer loyalty. Ethical accounting helps build an organization's reputation as an honest,
reliable brand. Customers want to interact with companies that they can trust; when companies do not
practice ethical accounting, customers might be wary to open their wallets to them. Bethany's decision to
hire a different accounting firm is an example of this concept. This example does not demonstrate how
ethics reduce legal liability, how customers control a company's ethical policies, or how accountants
cannot control customer satisfaction.
SOURCE: FI:351 Discuss the role of ethics in accounting
SOURCE: LAP-FI-351—With Due Care (The Role of Ethics in Accounting)

Test 1254

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

15

30. A
Assets. Items of value are called assets on balance sheets. Liabilities are debts. Owner's equity is what's
left over after liabilities have been subtracted from assets. The notes section of the balance sheet
contains additional, relevant information, such as notes about what types of accounting policies were
used.
SOURCE: FI:093 Explain the nature of balance sheets
SOURCE: LAP-FI-093—The Right Balance (The Nature of Balance Sheets)
31. D
High. The cash from operating activities is compared to the company's net income. If the cash from
operating activities is consistently greater than the net income, the company's net income or earnings are
said to be of a high quality.
SOURCE: FI:541 Interpret cash-flow statements
SOURCE: AccountingCoach. (2004-2021). Cash flow statement (explanation). Retrieved September
28, 2021, from http://www.accountingcoach.com/cash-flow-statement/explanation
32. B
Annual percentage rate. Annual percentage rate, APR, is a rate of interest expressed as a yearly
percentage. APR essentially tells you how much it will cost you to take out a specific loan. Comparing the
APRs of different loans can help you make the best choice for your financial situation. Origination fees
are fees charged by lenders for approved loans. A loan's repayment terms are the conditions for
repayment—such as the length of the repayment period and the interest rate. Credit score is a rating
assigned to a borrower based on previous loans.
SOURCE: FI:625 Apply for a consumer loan
SOURCE: Fernando, J. (2021, September 19). Annual percentage rate. Retrieved September 28, 2021,
from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/a/apr.asp
33. C
Contributing knowledge should be a simple task for employees. Knowledge management can't succeed
without employee involvement. Every employee should be expected to contribute knowledge to the
organization, but doing so should be a simple task that's incorporated into each employee's everyday
work tasks. The company—as well as individual employees—benefits from knowledge management.
SOURCE: KM:001 Explain the nature of knowledge management
SOURCE: LAP-KM-001—Know Go (The Nature of Knowledge Management)
34. C
Intangible. Intellectual capital is the collective knowledge of an organization that can be used to generate
financial gain. Because knowledge begins in the thoughts and minds of employees, the knowledge is
intangible. Some knowledge may be factual, observable, and reliable, but not all of it is. Businesses must
be aware that ethical issues often compromise the security of their intellectual capital, such as when
sharing confidential information with others outside the company. Therefore, businesses should develop
policies about their intellectual capital and communicate them to employees.
SOURCE: KM:002 Discuss the role of ethics in knowledge management
SOURCE: Chen, J. (2021, February 16). Intellectual capital. Retrieved September 28, 2021, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/i/intellectual_capital.asp
35. B
Knowledge repositories. Effective knowledge management tools support the collection and sharing of
tacit and explicit knowledge. Knowledge repositories provide the team members of various teams and
departments the ability to share their expertise to increase efficiency and solve problems. A search
engine is a software program that automatically searches the internet looking for information pertaining to
specified search terms and displays a list of results. Knowledge-mapping software provides the ability to
capture a business's information sources and information flow in a graphic format. Decision support
system (DSS) applications retrieve and organize data to facilitate the business's decision-making
processes.
SOURCE: KM:003 Explain the use of technology in knowledge management
SOURCE: Garfield, S. (2018, July 8). Repositories and knowledge bases. Retrieved September 28,
2021, from https://stangarfield.medium.com/repositories-and-knowledge-bases13b78f8defa4

Test 1254

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

16

36. A
Patent. Intellectual property is intangible business assets that result from thinking processes. Businesses
can obtain legal protection of their intellectual property from the government. A patent is legal protection
for a product or process, such as a production process. The patent is granted to the inventor or owner for
a specific number of years and is a legal means of preventing the product from being recreated and
distributed by unauthorized entities. Copyrights legally protect written documents and artistic
compositions. A trademark is legal protection for a symbol, design, or word (name) that a business uses
to identify its brand.
SOURCE: KM:004 Explain legal considerations for knowledge management
SOURCE: World Intellectual Property Organization. (n.d.). What is intellectual property? Retrieved
September 28, 2021, from http://www.wipo.int/about-ip/en/
37. D
Limit access to the sensitive information. The way in which a business limits access to sensitive
information depends on the nature of the trade secret. For example, the use of computer passwords can
limit the access of a customer mailing list to the employees who need the information to do their jobs. If
the trade secret is a process, a business may limit the amount of information that an employee has to a
specific part of the process. In another situation, a foodservice business may lock a recipe in a bank
security box. A business may also require its employees to sign a nondisclosure statement or
noncompete agreement when they are hired in order to legally hold employees accountable for
maintaining the business's trade secrets. Copyrights legally protect artistic work such as books, music,
photographs, and paintings.
SOURCE: KM:004 Explain legal considerations for knowledge management
SOURCE: FindLaw. (2021). Protecting trade secrets. Retrieved September 28, 2021, from
https://www.findlaw.com/smallbusiness/intellectual-property/protecting-trade-secrets.html
38. D
Knowledge codification. Knowledge codification involves placing knowledge into a format that is
accessible to others. In the example, Malcolm has been asked to write down the steps he uses to carry
out an activity. By doing so, he is putting his know-how into a written format that others can access when
they need it. Malcolm's situation is not an example of confidential information, project management, or
data procurement.
SOURCE: KM:005 Identify techniques that can be used to capture and transfer knowledge in an
organization
SOURCE: Caulier, A. (n.d.). Tacit knowledge—How to capture and codify it for your employees.
Retrieved September 28, 2021, from https://elium.com/blog/tacit-knowledge-how-to-captureand-codify-for-employees/
39. B
Sharing. Sharing of knowledge occurs when knowledge is communicated to others, as is the case with
Ralph's video conference. Acquisition is the process of gaining or gathering knowledge. Creation is
developing new content. Refinement is taking knowledge and making it understandable and usable.
SOURCE: KM:018 Apply knowledge management processes
SOURCE: Sampath, S. (2018, June 13). 8 ways to capture tacit knowledge in organizations. Retrieved
September 28, 2021, from https://medium.com/@savitha84/8-ways-to-capture-tacitknowledge-536ef990b82d
40. B
Satisfy their most urgent needs first. When it comes to buying behavior, consumers tend to meet their
needs in an organized way. The most urgent needs, such as the needs for food, water, and shelter, are
satisfied first. After the most urgent needs are satisfied, consumers then move on to less urgent needs
such as the needs for social belonging, achievement, or self-fulfillment. People generally do not satisfy
their less urgent needs first or purchase products contrary to their needs. Consumers usually purchase
products in an organized, identifiable pattern.
SOURCE: MK:014 Explain factors that influence customer/client/business buying behavior
SOURCE: LAP-MK-014—Cause and Effect (Buying Behavior)

Test 1254

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

17

41. B
To be ethical. Businesses gather and maintain a wide range of information, and some of this information
may be private or confidential. For example, businesses may have personal information about customers
and employees. Making sure that this information is secure is a matter of ethics. Businesses have an
ethical obligation to protect certain information so it does not become public and cause harm to
individuals. Businesses do not keep information secure to be secretive, beat the competition, or avoid
publicity.
SOURCE: NF:111 Explain the role of ethics in information management
SOURCE: Robertson, T. (2021). Ethical employee privacy policies. Retrieved September 28, 2021,
from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/ethical-employee-privacy-policies-15724.html
42. C
Database. A database is a collection (or file) of related information about a specific topic. Many
businesses collect information about their customers and store this information in computer databases.
Then, businesses can access this information at any time for a variety of reasons, such as tracking
customers geographically. Spreadsheet software is used to organize, calculate, and analyze numerical
data. Word-processing software is used to create text documents. The internet is not a software
application program.
SOURCE: NF:003 Identify ways that technology impacts business
SOURCE: Lindblad, M. (2019, January 25). Database uses in business. Retrieved September 28, 2021,
from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/database-uses-business-64298.html
43. D
Programming languages. A computer programming language is the language or code that instructs a
computer to carry out specific actions in relation to certain keystrokes. Computer programmers use
various types of computer programming languages to develop computer hardware and software
programs. Search engines are computer programs that crawl the web looking for information. Service
providers provide access to a service, such as the internet. A disk drive is a component of a computer
that reads data from and writes data to removable computer disks.
SOURCE: NF:084 Discuss principles of computer systems
SOURCE: Berkley Extension. (2021). 11 most in-demand programming languages in 2021. Retrieved
September 28, 2021, from https://bootcamp.berkeley.edu/blog/most-in-demandprogramming-languages/
44. C
Slide sorter. Presentation software programs allow users to present information by combining graphics,
text, animation, photographs, and sound. Presentation software is used in business to create slide
programs to support oral presentations. The slide sorter function allows you to view thumbnails of
existing slides and move them around to different sections of the presentation. The transition function
allows users to select different effects to move from one slide to the next. Promote paragraph is a
function that allows users to move subpoints and bullet points to higher positions (e.g., subpoints to bullet
points or bullet points to titles) in the slide text. The notes master function allows the user to create
speaking notes from the slide text.
SOURCE: NF:008 Demonstrate basic presentation applications
SOURCE: Russell, W. (2020, April 7). How to use the slide sorter view in PowerPoint. Retrieved
September 28, 2021, from https://www.lifewire.com/sort-slides-in-powerpoint-4178539
45. B
Allocate project resources. Project management software allows businesses to plan, track, and evaluate
all aspects of a project. A comprehensive project management software program can help the project
manager allocate resources—human, financial, material, capital—in the most efficient ways.
Stakeholders, rather than software, define the project's purpose, establish the project's standards, and
evaluate the quality of project deliverables.
SOURCE: NF:130 Utilize project-management software
SOURCE: Techopedia. (2021). Project management software. Retrieved September 28, 2021, from
https://www.techopedia.com/definition/13132/project-management-software

Test 1254

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

18

46. D
Be aware of why the change is necessary. When going through data change, it is important to make sure
that everyone involved is aware of why the change is happening and why it will benefit the organization.
The organization should not revert back to their old processes after a change. More than one employee
(in fact, as many as possible) should be capable of making the change. Finally, changes are most
effective when everyone in the organization is in favor of the change.
SOURCE: NF:264 Adhere to data change best practices
SOURCE: Prosci. (n.d.). Best practices in change management. Retrieved September 28, 2021, from
https://www.prosci.com/resources/articles/change-management-best-practices
47. A
Lower employee morale. Maggie's decision to maximize profit and reduce costs by reducing employee
expenses will most likely cause a decrease in employee morale. Reducing employee expenses will
increase profits but will not necessarily affect cost of goods or training costs.
SOURCE: OP:190 Discuss the role of ethics in operations
SOURCE: Houston Chronicle. (2020, October 13). Ethical issues in maximizing profit. Retrieved
September 28, 2021, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/ethical-issues-maximizing-profit34328.html
48. A
Zoning ordinances. Zoning ordinances are regulations that govern the ways in which land and buildings
may be used in certain jurisdictions. In many towns and cities, land is designated for commercial
(business) or residential use. Although zoning ordinances vary by community, they may regulate the size
of the facility or require that some buildings be designed to accommodate a certain style (e.g., American
colonial). A company that wants to build a facility in a certain location must consider the city's zoning
ordinances to make sure that the regulations are compatible with the company's needs and goals. Health
regulations are laws that are designed to protect the health and well-being of society. A partnership
agreement is a written agreement (contract) signed by business partners that specifies the terms of the
partnership arrangement. The tax code outlines the tax obligations and laws that individuals and
businesses must follow.
SOURCE: OP:339 Discuss legal considerations in operations
SOURCE: Kenton, W. (2021, February 28). Zoning ordinance. Retrieved September 28, 2021, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/z/zoning-ordinance.asp
49. C
Local ordinances. Businesses must follow various government regulations that are designed to protect
the public from illness and hazardous conditions. To ensure that businesses are following these
regulations, government agencies at all levels often inspect businesses. For example, the local fire
department may inspect a business facility to determine if the business has the appropriate number of
fire extinguishers as required by law. If an inspection determines that a business is violating regulations,
the agency may fine the business or close it until the business is in compliance. Free trade agreements,
securities regulations, and consumer protection laws do not involve inspecting facilities to determine if
businesses are free of safety and health hazards.
SOURCE: OP:339 Discuss legal considerations in operations
SOURCE: Ursey, C. (2017, June 1). Why do safety inspections. Retrieved September 28, 2021, from
https://ohsonline.com/Articles/2017/05/12/Why-Do-Safety-Inspections.aspx
50. D
Report it to a supervisor. Any situation that is unsafe should be immediately reported to a supervisor.
Correcting hazards is part of supervisory responsibilities. Employees should not try to fix most problems.
Ignoring possible dangers is unsafe and could harm others. Calling an electrician is a management
responsibility.
SOURCE: OP:007 Follow safety precautions
SOURCE: Weekly Safety. (2021). Workplace hazard reporting is necessary and effective. Retrieved
September 28, 2021, from https://weeklysafety.com/blog/workplace-hazard-reporting

Test 1254

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

19

51. B
Verifying the cardholder's identification. During a sales transaction, employees should ask customers to
present another form of identification when they pay for items with a credit or debit card. By comparing
the signature on the credit card that the customer presents with the signature and/or photo of another
form of identification (e.g., customer's driver's license), employees can verify that the customer is the
authorized cardholder. Credit card issuers establish the credit limits for credit card holders. Reviewing
sales receipts during closing procedures, conducting a financial audit, and establishing credit limits for
card usages are not ways to reduce risks associated with credit card fraud at the point of sale.
SOURCE: OP:013 Explain routine security precautions
SOURCE: Meyers, J. (n.d.). How can my business prevent credit card fraud? Retrieved September 28,
2021, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/can-business-prevent-credit-card-fraud1524.html
52. D
Obtain feedback from your team. It is important to share your project plan with your team. Doing so will
keep them engaged throughout the planning process. Identifying project risks, developing quality
standards, and defining the project scope are not necessarily ways to keep stakeholders engaged
throughout the planning process.
SOURCE: OP:519 Plan project
SOURCE: LAP-OP-519—Plan On It! (Planning Projects)
53. A
Solving problems together. Trust, honesty, and collaboration help a business build positive, long-term
relationships with its vendors. When the business and a vendor collaborate, they work together to solve
problems and implement strategies that will help both of them achieve their business goals. Limiting
communication, negotiating too aggressively, and withholding information may hurt a business's
relationships with its vendors.
SOURCE: OP:241 Maintain vendor/supplier relationships
SOURCE: Fournier, J. (2020, August 4). 7 reasons why your business should focus on vendor
management. Retrieved September 28, 2021, from https://www.hcmworks.com/blog/7reasons-why-your-business-should-focus-on-vendor-management
54. D
Ongoing communication. Ongoing communication is necessary to build trust, respect, and a mutually
beneficial partnership which, in turn, helps build a long-term business relationship. The amount of lead
time depends on the nature of the product and cannot always be flexible. Policies that are too rigid may
have negative effects on the relationship rather than positive effects. Autocratic management involves a
dictatorial leadership style in which the leader determines all policies, maintains close control, and lets
employees know only what they need to know to do the job.
SOURCE: OP:241 Maintain vendor/supplier relationships
SOURCE: Gutierrez, A., Kothari, A., Mazuera C., & Schonherr, T. (2020, July 7). Taking supplier
collaboration to the next level. Retrieved September 28, 2021, from
https://www.mckinsey.com/business-functions/operations/our-insights/taking-suppliercollaboration-to-the-next-level
55. B
Blanket. A blanket order is an order that covers all or part of a retailer's seasonal requirements. Blanket
orders typically are placed several months before the season and do not contain detailed specifications
or shipping dates. A special order is a request for a custom product or a product that a vendor does not
normally carry in stock. A standing order is an order that involves sending specific products at set
intervals. A rush order is a request for an order to be shipped for immediate delivery.
SOURCE: OP:250 Describe types of purchase orders
SOURCE: Mulligan, T. (2021). What is a blanket order? Retrieved September 28, 2021, from
http://smallbusiness.chron.com/blanket-purchase-order-60030.html

Test 1254

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

20

56. C
Wood. Manufacturers keep inventory of items that they need to produce their goods. Wood is an example
of a raw material that a manufacturer might keep in inventory to produce items such as furniture, shelves,
wall paneling, musical instruments, etc. Toothpaste, staplers, and chairs are examples of finished goods.
SOURCE: OP:336 Discuss types of inventory
SOURCE: Finance Management. (2021). Types of inventory/stock. Retrieved September 28, 2021,
from https://efinancemanagement.com/costing-terms/types-of-inventory-stock
57. C
Assess vendors' strengths and weaknesses. By assessing a vendor's strengths and weaknesses before
entering a negotiation, a business can plan strategies to use that will strengthen its own position during
the negotiating process. Planning and developing effective strategies can help the business obtain
desired discounts, favorable service options, or cooperative advertising support. And, the business may
make fewer concessions during the negotiation because it analyzed the vendor's capabilities before
beginning negotiations. To obtain a favorable agreement, the business should strive for a win-win
attitude. Adopting a win-lose attitude and using overly aggressive tactics may backfire and prevent both
parties from getting what they want from the negotiation.
SOURCE: OP:337 Negotiate terms with vendors in business
SOURCE: Bucki, J. (2020, April 8). Contract negotiation strategies to select the right vendor. Retrieved
September 28, 2021, from https://www.thebalancesmb.com/contract-negotiation-strategies2533815
58. D
Reaching out to the vendor's previous customers. When preparing to negotiate prices with a vendor, it
can be helpful to reach out to previous (or current) customers to see what they paid for the services that
the company is interested in. This can give the company some bargaining power over the vendor. It
would be inappropriate for a company to ask a potential vendor for a copy of its budget. Assigning a new
employee the task of researching standard prices may be unwise since new employees may not be
familiar with the ins and outs of the company's industry. While it is always a good idea for companies to
know their goals, determining them would not necessarily help a company prepare to negotiate prices
with a vendor.
SOURCE: OP:337 Negotiate terms with vendors in business
SOURCE: Supply Chain Game Changer. (n.d.). What is the best supplier vetting process? Retrieved
September 28, 2021, from https://supplychaingamechanger.com/what-is-the-best-suppliervetting-process/
59. A
Catching issues before they become problems. Process performance management is a quality-control
method that involves supervising business and manufacturing processes to ensure their quality and
efficiency. Managers can correct the problems they find, and they can often uncover potential issues and
stop them before they become real problems. Minimizing waste is a main advantage of lean production.
Process performance management may or may not help save time during manufacturing. Process
performance management does not improve product design—this is an advantage of the Taguchi
method or concurrent engineering.
SOURCE: OP:163 Identify quality-control measures
SOURCE: LAP-OP-163—Take Control (Quality-Control Measures)
60. D
Building relationships with vendors. Supply chain management is the process of getting products into the
marketplace. One aspect of supply chain management is building relationships with vendors to ensure a
smooth product flow from production to consumers. Creating advertising campaigns, forecasting sales,
and hiring new employees are not aspects of supply chain management.
SOURCE: OP:303 Discuss the nature of supply chain management
SOURCE: Wisner, J.D., Tan, K.T., & Leong, G.K. (2019). Principles of supply chain management: A
balanced approach (5th ed.) [Lesson 1.4a]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.

Test 1254

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

21

61. B
Change. Business analysis is the practice of identifying needs and recommending solutions to help
businesses change and adapt. Business analysis does not necessarily help companies form, grow, or
communicate, though these might be aspects of the business analysis process depending on the
company's needs.
SOURCE: OP:327 Discuss the nature of business analysis
SOURCE: Roberts, M. (2019, April 30). What does a business analyst do? Retrieved September 28,
2021, from https://www.thebalancecareers.com/government-job-profile-business-analyst1669620
62. A
Business process thinking. Business process thinking involves treating every project and activity within a
company as a structured process. By thinking about the goals of his assignment, the resources available
to him, and the activities the project will entail, Joe is implementing business process thinking. Joe may
also practice personal accountability at work, but that is not the focus of this example. Joe did determine
the objectives of his project in this example, but that is not the only thing he did. Inventory management is
the management of a company's resources, such as raw materials, works in progress, and finished
goods. Joe did not implement inventory management in this example.
SOURCE: OP:474 Discuss business process thinking and its impact
SOURCE: Tallyfy. (2021). Importance of business process thinking in business management. Retrieved
September 28, 2021, from https://tallyfy.com/process-thinking/
63. A
Human. Business process design is influenced by human factors, such as stress and fatigue. A business
process may not work if it causes stress to employees or if they are too fatigued to complete their work
properly. These are not examples of technological, regulatory, or government factors.
SOURCE: OP:475 Describe the factors that influence business process design
SOURCE: Taylor, H. (2017, September 26). Factors that affect process design. Retrieved September
28, 2021, from http://www.ehow.com/list_7444011_factors-affect-process-design.html
64. B
Regulations. The company's new process allows it to comply with regulations. A company does not seek
to schedule overtime if it is costly. There is no indication that the company is responding to the impact of
employee disabilities or legal battles.
SOURCE: OP:476 Explain the causes of business process changes
SOURCE: Taylor, H. (2017, September 26). Factors that affect process design. Retrieved September
28, 2021, from http://www.ehow.com/list_7444011_factors-affect-process-design.html
65. C
Purchase books to fulfill requested orders. A small brick-and-mortar bookstore is more likely to benefit
from purchasing books to fulfill requested orders from customers. A small store will not benefit from
storing large quantities of books due to limited space and the high cost of carrying extra inventory. Since
a brick-and-mortar store depends on customer visits to promote books, gifts, and other items, it is not
likely to benefit from using an electronic commerce center or shipping books to customers' homes.
SOURCE: OP:477 Explain the impact of supply chain on business performance
SOURCE: Anaplan. (2021). What is supply chain management (SCM)? Retrieved September 28, 2021,
from https://www.anaplan.com/blog/what-is-supply-chain-management/
66. B
Technology. Technology has led to significant changes in shipment tracking and has, therefore, affected
supply chain management. Globalization, economic downturns, and production changes can also
significantly affect supply chain management, but they do not relate directly to online shipment tracking.
SOURCE: OP:478 Describe the impact of technology on supply chain management
SOURCE: Wisner, J.D., Tan, K.T., & Leong, G.K. (2019). Principles of supply chain management: A
balanced approach (5th ed.) [Lesson 1-3]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.

Test 1254

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

22

67. C
Transportation. Supply chain network design aligns purchasing, production, warehousing, inventory, and
transportation. Supply chain network design does not incorporate marketing, promotion, or the sales
force.
SOURCE: OP:479 Describe supply chain networks
SOURCE: Chartered Institute for Procurement and Supply. (2021). What is supply chain network
design? Retrieved September 28, 2021, from https://www.cips.org/knowledge/procurementtopics-and-skills/operations-management/supply-chain-network-design/
68. C
Global supply chain issue. Operating within a global supply chain presents unique challenges, such as
the risk of unpredictable natural disasters like earthquakes. When a natural disaster strikes, it can
negatively impact a link in the supply chain—creating a domino effect of delays and disruptions. A
devastating earthquake is also an example of a humanitarian crisis, but this question is specifically
referring to the resulting shipping and transportation delays. This example does not necessarily
demonstrate a national security risk or a local regulatory concern.
SOURCE: OP:480 Discuss global supply chain issues
SOURCE: Roy, E. (2017, March 31). What are the biggest challenges of managing global supply
chains? Retrieved September 28, 2021, from http://www.tradeready.ca/2017/topics/supplychain-management/biggest-challenges-managing-global-supply-chains/
69. A
Making an inventory of digital information. Making an inventory of digital information is an effective way to
protect a company's sensitive data. Keeping track of where digital information is stored can help a
company access those data in the case of a data breach or other security emergency. Keeping an
inventory can also help a company become aware of any security weaknesses that may lead to data theft
or misuse. Allowing employees to bring their own devices to work is risky because of the potential for
data to be lost or stolen on noncompany devices. Backing up key data is crucial—but once per year is
not enough. Information backups should occur frequently to ensure that no data are lost. It's not a wise
idea to allow employees to access any company data that they want. Sensitive information should be
protected and only accessible to relevant managers and company leaders.
SOURCE: OP:517 Comply with strategies for protecting business' digital assets (e.g., website, social
media, email, etc.)
SOURCE: Murray, J. (2020, July 21). How to protect your company's digital assets. Retrieved
September 28, 2021, from https://www.thebalancesmb.com/how-to-protect-company-digitalassets-4153375
70. C
Require that employees follow good password practices. Good password practices, such as changing
your password frequently and using a password that is at least 12 letters long, can help companies
protect customer data from hackers. Companies do not need to prohibit workers from accessing
customer information; however, it might be wise to limit access to those who need it for their everyday
work. Asking customers to sign a waiver in case their information is stolen would be inappropriate and
would likely drive customers away. Refusing to accept credit or debit cards might help prevent hackers
from targeting the company, but it may be financially unrealistic to be a cash-only business.
SOURCE: OP:518 Comply with strategies to protect digital customer data (e.g., information about
customers, customers' credit-card numbers, passwords, customer transactions)
SOURCE: National Cyber Security Alliance. (2021). Cybersecure my business: Protect. Retrieved
September 28, 2021, from https://staysafeonline.org/cybersecure-business/protect/
71. C
To be promoted to sales manager. A career goal is an objective to work toward on the job. Being able to
afford a large house is a financial goal, being first in your class is an education goal, and achieving ideal
weight is a physical goal.
SOURCE: PD:018 Set personal goals
SOURCE: LAP-PD-918—Go for the Goal (Goal Setting)

Test 1254

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

23

72. D
Aptitude. When exploring career options, individuals should consider their aptitudes. An aptitude is a
natural talent or a skill that a person masters quickly or easily such as drawing, painting, science, math,
etc. A hobby is an enjoyable activity that a person does in their leisure time. The attitudes and ways in
which a person approaches a situation are their mindset. A vision is the future you desire to create.
People apply their aptitudes to work toward their visions.
SOURCE: PD:023 Identify tentative occupational interest
SOURCE: McKay, D.R. (2019, August 21). Knowing your aptitude can help you choose a career.
Retrieved September 28, 2021, from https://www.thebalance.com/what-is-aptitude-526175
73. B
Human resources management. Human resources (HR) careers are all about people. HR management
careers focus on staffing activities, including planning, recruitment, selection, orientation, training,
performance appraisal, compensation, and safety of employees. This does not describe careers in
business analytics, operations management, or supply chain management.
SOURCE: PD:297 Discuss employment opportunities in business management and administration
SOURCE: LAP-PD-297—Career Opportunities in Business Management and Administration
74. A
Researching prospective employers. By researching a company on the internet, you can obtain a wealth
of information that would be useful to you in your job search. This research would probably include such
things as products offered, location, size of the company, sales, company image, problems, employee
benefits, etc. Knowing about a company can enable you to size up how well you'd fit in at the company.
Although you could use the internet to search for a company's product reviews or if they have any
pending lawsuits, these should not necessarily influence a decision about whether or not to apply for a
job. Searching for careers that pay the most might result in useful information for career planning or
deciding on a course of study in college, but it is probably not that useful in looking for a job.
SOURCE: PD:026 Utilize job-search strategies
SOURCE: Arbuckle, D. (2019). 5 ways to use the internet for your job search. Retrieved September 28,
2021, from https://work.chron.com/5-ways-use-internet-job-search-4429.html
75. C
From one to two pages. The preferred length of a resume is one page or two pages if absolutely
necessary. The most effective resumes stress the high points of the applicant's qualifications in a brief
format. People who are responsible for reading the resumes do not want to spend a great amount of time
trying to find out if the applicant is qualified for the position. Therefore, resumes should never be three or
five pages in length. Applicants should be able to condense their experiences into a brief format and not
write resumes that are as long as necessary.
SOURCE: PD:031 Prepare a resume
SOURCE: Indeed. (2021, May 24). How long should a resume be? Retrieved September 28, 2021, from
https://www.indeed.com/career-advice/resumes-cover-letters/how-long-should-a-resume-be
76. A
Scope statement. The statement of work (SOW) is a document that outlines the terms, commitments,
and conditions of the project. The scope statement is a component of the SOW that clearly defines the
things that the project team will do, as well as the things it won't do. The purpose statement defines the
purpose of or reason for carrying out the project. The communication plan provides details about the
types of reports and other forms of communication that the project team will provide stakeholders. The
goals and objectives section of the SOW outlines the desired outcomes of the project.
SOURCE: PJ:005 Initiate project
SOURCE: Ramos, D. (2021, July 17). How to write a statement of work for any industry. Retrieved
September 28, 2021, from https://www.smartsheet.com/how-write-statement-work-anyindustry

Test 1254

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

24

77. B
Organize the work in a logical sequence. A work breakdown structure (WBS) is the process of dividing
project tasks into meaningful components to complete the project. Creating the WBS involves organizing
everything that needs to be done in a logical sequence to ensure that the project's goals are achieved
and its deliverables are delivered on time. The project's benefits and stakeholders are identified in the
statement of work (SOW). Monitoring human resources and supplies is a management activity.
SOURCE: PJ:006 Prepare work breakdown structure (WBS)
SOURCE: Markgraf, B. (2019, January 28). The importance of a work breakdown structure. Retrieved
September 28, 2021, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/importance-work-breakdownstructure-54294.html
78. C
Tracking a milestone. Tracking milestones is a control activity that project managers perform. Milestones
are the major points or phases in a project's life cycle that have been reached. In the situation described,
the software-development phase is a milestone because it was completed, which means the project can
proceed to the next stage of the project. Because this phase of the project was running ahead of
schedule, the project manager is not evaluating a time constraint or assessing a setback. There is no
information provided to determine if the project manager has decided to change a process.
SOURCE: PJ:009 Execute and control projects
SOURCE: Gido, J., Clements, J., & Baker, R. (2018). Successful project management (7th ed.) [Lesson
2-3]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
79. D
Tamara recognizes how hard her team is working, so she provides lunch for the team members. Effective
project managers motivate their team members to reach project milestones and goals. Motivation often
involves offering rewards (e.g., lunch), which expresses the project manager's appreciation for the team's
hard work and can encourage team members to keep striving to achieve the team's goals. Marcus is
providing Thomas with evaluative feedback and guidance. Ryan is delegating duties to Samantha. Zoey
is communicating information to team members.
SOURCE: PJ:007 Manage project team
SOURCE: McHale, B. (2019, March 28). How to motivate your team for better performance in your
project. Retrieved September 28, 2021, from https://www.projectcentral.com/blog/motivateproject-team/
80. C
Preventative. Preventative action is a type of approved change that occurs during the direct and manage
work process group of project management. It includes any changes made to ensure that future
performance is aligned with the project management plan. Because Mia is looking forward to future
deadlines and adjusting to meet them, she is taking preventative action. Corrective action is a type of
approved change that realigns the project work with the plan. Because Mia is dealing with a future
deadline, she is not taking corrective action. Defect repair is an activity that modifies a nonconforming
product or component. Mia is not taking this type of action. Productive action is not a type of approved
change.
SOURCE: PJ:010 Manage project schedule
SOURCE: Usmani, F. (2021, September 2). Defect repair vs corrective action vs preventive action.
Retrieved September 28, 2021, from https://pmstudycircle.com/defect-repair-vs-correctiveaction-vs-preventive-action/
81. D
Lessons learned document. Developed during the closing phase of the project, the lessons learned
document summarizes the project's successes and failures. The document also includes suggestions for
improvement for similar projects in the future, such as the need for additional training and ongoing
technical support. An executive summary is an overview of a report or plan. A termination checklist is a
list of tasks that need to be done during the closing phase of a project. An expense audit involves
reviewing and evaluating various project expenses.
SOURCE: PJ:008 Close project
SOURCE: Project Management Qualification. (2019, August 21). How to do lessons learned in project
management. Retrieved September 28, 2021, from
https://www.projectmanagementqualification.com/blog/2019/08/21/lessons-learned/

Test 1254

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

25

82. B
Create a lessons learned document. A lessons learned document describes the takeaways from a
particular project, including what worked and what didn't. The purpose of a lessons learned document is
to facilitate discussion and reflection on the project so that the organization can best utilize the project's
results. It would be unwise to immediately start a new project before reflecting on a project that has just
been finished. Hosting a company-wide meeting would not necessarily help a team reflect on a certain
project. Following a work breakdown structure is a good idea during the actual completion of a project but
would not help once a project is finished.
SOURCE: PJ:008 Close project
SOURCE: Simplilearn.com. (2021, March 10). Best practices for preparing a lessons learned document.
Retrieved September 28, 2021, from https://www.simplilearn.com/practices-for-preparing-alessons-learned-document-article
83. C
Consumer pressure. Consumer pressure is a factor that keeps quality at the forefront of the modern
business world. Customers demand quality, and if a company doesn’t provide it, they’ll take their
business elsewhere. Various consumer groups also keep the pressure on companies to make quality a
top priority. Weather patterns, outdated technology, and currency fluctuations are not factors keeping
quality as a main concern for today’s businesses.
SOURCE: QM:001 Explain the nature of quality management
SOURCE: LAP-QM-001—Keep It Quality (Nature of Quality Management)
84. A
Internal failure. The cost associated with throwing out defective products as they come off the production
line is an internal failure cost. Internal failure costs are the costs associated with defective products
before they make it to the customer. External failure costs are the costs associated with defective
products that have reached the customer. Prevention costs are the costs associated with making sure
defective products don’t get made in the first place (quality assurance). Appraisal costs are the costs
associated with catching defective products as quickly as possible (quality control).
SOURCE: QM:001 Explain the nature of quality management
SOURCE: LAP-QM-001—Keep It Quality (Nature of Quality Management)
85. D
Incorporate the best overall quality-improvement processes. Capability Maturity Model Integration
(CMMI) software helps guide improvement for projects, for departments, or throughout the overall
organizational structure. It is designed to help businesses continuously improve their processes, outputs,
and performance levels. A feature of the CMMI software program is that it has an auditing function that
compares the business's existing processes with the CMMI model to evaluate efficiency levels. The audit
results guide the business's decision-making by examining both the efficient processes and inefficient
processes. By using the CMMI model, the business can integrate its successful processes with those
suggested by the CMMI model, which can help the business's quality improve. The purpose of the CMMI
quality management framework is to facilitate quality improvement, rather than to develop long-term
financial and operating plans or determine the best way to comply with government regulations. CMMI
can help the business improve the efficiencies of all of its resources; however, not all businesses use
natural resources in their production processes.
SOURCE: QM:002 Describe the nature of quality management frameworks (e.g., Six Sigma, ITIL,
CMMI)
SOURCE: White, S.K. (2021, June 1). What is CMMI? A model for optimizing development processes.
Retrieved September 28, 2021, from https://www.cio.com/article/2437864/processimprovement-capability-maturity-model-integration-cmmi-definition-and-solutions.html

Test 1254

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

26

86. C
Higher demand. Continuous improvement is an ongoing process that looks for ways to increase the
levels of excellence in relation to a process, good, or service. Potential benefits of improved processes
often increase the business's productivity levels. Increased productivity levels result in increased outputs,
lower costs, and increased revenue. When quality improves, customer satisfaction levels often increase,
which often results in a higher demand for the business's goods and services. A premium is an item that
a business offers to the purchasers of a particular product. Offering premiums to customers and
increasing product options do not impact the continuous quality-improvement efforts toward a business's
products and are not potential benefits of said efforts.
SOURCE: QM:003 Discuss the need for continuous improvement of the quality process
SOURCE: Taylor, H. (2019, September 4). Benefits of continuous quality improvement (CQI). Retrieved
September 28, 2021, from https://bizfluent.com/facts-5317408-benefits-continuous-qualityimprovement-cqi.html
87. A
Provide ongoing ethics training for all employees. Employees often view ethics differently when they
encounter "gray" situations, or situations in which there is not a clear right or wrong action or answer.
Employees who do not have a clear understanding of the business's ethical expectations put the
business at risk in terms of lawsuits, which may result in substantial financial losses for the business.
Therefore, it is important for the business to provide guidelines for ethical workplace behavior so that
individuals do not have to rely solely on their judgment or attitudes to guide their behavior. Offering
ongoing ethics training can help employees understand the business's rules and ethical standards so
they can apply them to their daily work activities. The business's executive management team and/or
board of directors should work with lower-level management at all levels in different business functions to
develop or improve the business's code of conduct or ethics. Developing financial products to meet
clients' needs will not aid in creating an ethical work environment.
SOURCE: RM:041 Explain the role of ethics in risk management
SOURCE: LAP-RM-041—Manage Risk the Right Way (Ethics in Risk Management)
88. C
Digital dashboards. Digital dashboards are being used in the finance industry to deliver "what-if"
scenarios based on handpicked combinations of monthly data such as line of business, FICO band,
county, loan amount, and loan status. The dashboard is fed by a business intelligence and data
warehousing environment supported by Microsoft products. The dashboards review the amounts and
number of loans funded or in the pipeline and then view them by criteria selected by the user. Time value
of money calculators are financial software that enables the user to calculate present value, future value,
interest rate, payments, net present value, etc. Account reconciliation technology matches and compares
figures from accounting records against external sources and reconciles internal account balances to
subledgers. Financial reporting and consolidation technology is useful for large companies and overseas
operations and is used to combine financial data from the company's subsidiaries.
SOURCE: RM:042 Describe the use of technology in risk management
SOURCE: Calzon, B. (2021, May 21). Utilize the potential of digital dashboards in a business
environment. Retrieved September 28, 2021, from https://www.datapine.com/blog/digitaldashboard-definition-and-examples/
89. C
Risk management. If a company wants to be notified of security breaches, it should invest in risk
management software. Word-processing and presentation software would not help with this. Threat
prediction software is not a common name for risk management software.
SOURCE: RM:042 Describe the use of technology in risk management
SOURCE: Techopedia. (2021). Risk management software. Retrieved September 28, 2021, from
https://www.techopedia.com/definition/29835/risk-management-software

Test 1254

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

27

90. C
Form a captive insurance company. Organizations (i.e., corporations, industry/professional/trade
associations) often form their own insurance companies—called captive insurance companies—when
they carry risks that commercial insurance companies will not cover. The organizations that form the
captive insurance companies control insurance activities including the underwriting processes, premium
rates, and claims processing policies. Acquiring a professional association, establishing a risk
management committee, and creating a trade union are not ways in which a business transfers risk.
SOURCE: RM:043 Discuss legal considerations affecting risk management
SOURCE: Kagan, J. (2020, December 10). Captive insurance company. Retrieved September 28,
2021, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/captive-insurance-company.asp
91. B
Foreign currency exchange. The rate of exchange between foreign currencies is constantly fluctuating. If
a foreign currency's value decreases significantly, companies may lose money. It is important for
companies to consider this risk before engaging in international business. Environmental fluctuations,
domestic financial policies, and governmental regulations are also important to consider before
expanding into a foreign country; however, they are not described in this example.
SOURCE: RM:092 Describe international considerations affecting risk management
SOURCE: Saint-Leger, R. (2019, January 25). Risk involved in an international business. Retrieved
September 28, 2021, from https://bizfluent.com/info-7766597-risk-involved-internationalbusiness.html
92. B
To prepare for the future. Planning is the management function of deciding what will be done and how it
will be accomplished, which is preparing for the future. Preparing forecasts is an activity that is often
performed during the planning process. Implementing activities and changing processes are part of the
managerial controlling function.
SOURCE: SM:063 Discuss the nature of managerial planning
SOURCE: Management Study Guide. (2021). Planning function of management. Retrieved September
28, 2021, from http://www.managementstudyguide.com/planning_function.htm
93. C
Tracking, accountability, and growth. An organizational structure allows a business to track its progress
toward its goals on an individual level. Because the employees and resources are well organized and
clearly defined, it is easy to track who is supposed to be doing what. Organizing improves cohesion
across departments rather than decreasing it. Organizing is not necessarily related to the number of
communication channels. Finally, goals and objectives are determined during the planning function rather
than the organizing function.
SOURCE: SM:064 Explain managerial considerations in organizing
SOURCE: LAP-SM-064—Put It All Together (Managerial Considerations in Organizing)
94. B
Determine employee eligibility for benefits. A manager who is developing compensation plans may
determine employee eligibility for certain benefits. Deciding where and when training is best conducted is
part of training and developing. Extending job offers and negotiating with candidates are part of selection.
SOURCE: SM:065 Describe managerial considerations in staffing
SOURCE: LAP-SM-065—Dream Team Maker (Staffing)
95. D
Analyzing quantity standards such as sales numbers. It's important for managers to check in and
evaluate their directing ability. Managers can examine several key metrics to know whether or not they
are directing well. One of those metrics is quantity standards such as sales numbers. If the team is
meeting quantity standards, it's likely that the manager is directing their employees well. Eavesdropping
on employee conversations is not an appropriate way for managers to measure their directing ability.
Building group dynamics among employees and motivating employees to achieve company goals are
activities that managers do while directing rather than ways managers measure their directing ability.
SOURCE: SM:066 Discuss managerial considerations in directing
SOURCE: LAP-SM-066—Take Action (Managerial Considerations in Directing)

Test 1254

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

28

96. D
Reduced tedious paperwork. Negative reinforcement is the act of terminating or withdrawing something
unpleasant when a desired response is given. Removing tedious paperwork encourages desired
behavior by taking away something negative. A raise, a bonus, and additional vacation time are
examples of positive reinforcement.
SOURCE: SM:066 Discuss managerial considerations in directing
SOURCE: LAP-SM-066—Take Action (Managerial Considerations in Directing)
97. B
Objectives are achieved. Controlling is the management function that monitors the work effort. One of the
main functions of managerial control is to make sure that the business's objectives are achieved.
Controlling involves measuring performance as it relates to the business's objectives and taking steps to
make corrections if necessary. Without some type of control, a business would not know if it was
achieving its goals. Managerial control does not involve disciplining employees, maintaining the facilities,
or regulating activities.
SOURCE: SM:004 Describe the nature of managerial control (control process, types of control, what is
controlled)
SOURCE: LAP-SM-400—Measure Up! (Managerial Control)
98. D
Adaptability. Innovation requires change and learning to be successful. Organizations that encourage
adaptability and know how to accept change are much more likely to innovate successfully.
Organizations that avoid change are likely less equipped for innovation. Organizations that lack
leadership or that motivate with fear are not necessarily better equipped for innovation.
SOURCE: SM:094 Describe relationship among innovation, learning, and change
SOURCE: Decision Innovation. (2009-2021). Managing change and innovation - Getting the most from
the innovation funnel. Retrieved September 28, 2021, from http://www.innovationmanagement.org/managing-change-and-innovation.html
99. D
Change management. Change management involves overseeing transitions (change) within a company.
Some of the activities involved in change management include planning a change, educating team
members about the change, supporting the staff throughout the change, and ensuring that the change
leads to positive results. In this example, Melissa is responsible for change management, not goal
setting, human resources management, or managerial control. Human resources management is the
process of planning, staffing, leading, and organizing the employees of the business. Managerial control
is a function of management that involves monitoring the work effort in an organization.
SOURCE: SM:095 Explain the nature of change management
SOURCE: Mind Tools Content Team. (1996-2021). Change management. Retrieved September 28,
2021, from https://www.mindtools.com/pages/article/newPPM_87.htm
100. A
Companies do not properly execute the change management life cycle. Many organizational changes fail
because the changes are not implemented properly. Big changes may be difficult to execute throughout
entire companies, but it can be done by using the change management life cycle. Most people are
resistant to change, but executing a change correctly can help them accept the change. Employees may
need a large amount of time to adjust to changes.
SOURCE: SM:096 Explain the change-management lifecycle
SOURCE: Watkins, M., & Spencer, J. (2020). 10 reasons why organizational change fails. Retrieved
September 28, 2021, from https://www.imd.org/research-knowledge/articles/10-reasons-whyorganizational-change-fails/

