

1. To sell sweatshirts, jackets, and T-shirts imprinted with ABC University's logo, the Collegiate Sportswear
Company pays royalties to the university. What type of business ownership does this situation exemplify?
A. Business-format franchise
B. Licensing agreement
C. General partnership
D. Multilevel marketing
2. Which of the following statements is true about the directing function of management:
A. It uses standardized communication.
B. It is results driven rather than performance driven.
C. It is a continuous process.
D. It primarily occurs at the lowest level of the organization.
3. Legal ownership of purchases does not pass to the purchaser until all payments have been made if the
purchaser uses __________ credit.
A. regular
B. trade
C. installment
D. revolving
4. Belinda is reviewing departmental reports to determine why the business's outputs have been decreasing
steadily over the last six weeks. Belinda is analyzing issues related to
A. human resources.
B. finance.
C. production.
D. distribution.
5. Which of the following is an example of a trade secret:
A. Legal document
B. Credit report
C. Trade journal
D. Customer list
6. While opening a large box of office supplies, Kendall accidentally cut her finger with the box cutters she was
using. Another employee, Jorge, was helping Kendall at the time and witnessed the accident. What is the first
thing that Jorge should do?
A. Fill out an accident report
B. Put the office supplies away
C. Call Kendall's doctor
D. Administer first aid

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

1

Test 1285

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM

7. Before filing a civil lawsuit in court, Kwame's attorney sent a letter to Tosh's attorney. In the letter, Kwame's
attorney explained why they believe they would win a lawsuit against Tosh. Kwame's attorney sent a(n)
__________ letter to Tosh's lawyer.
A. termination
B. official
C. demand
D. warning
8. Seeing a movie at a theater would be considered a(n) __________ want.
A. unlimited
B. limited
C. noneconomic
D. economic
9. A business captures its employees' knowledge of certain tasks, processes, and events by developing a chart
that outlines the relationships among bits of information. This is an example of a business using a(n)
__________ technique to capture and transfer knowledge.
A. statistical
B. authority-based
C. diagram
D. transcription
10. Which of the following positions oversees the recruitment, training, performance, and safety of employees:
A. Office manager
B. Operations manager
C. Human resources manager
D. Project manager
11. Supply chain network design improves service and reduces cost by aligning purchasing, production,
warehousing, inventory, and
A. marketing.
B. transportation.
C. the sales force.
D. promotion.
12. Holly, Jamar, and Ricki are working on a project together, even though they are geographically far away from
each other. They use the internet to work on documents together, share files, and communicate quickly and
easily. What type of software are Holly, Jamar, and Ricki using?
A. Groupware
B. Spyware
C. Freeware
D. Shareware

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2

Test 1285

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM

3

13. Which of the following is a component of verbal communication between individuals:
A. Facial expression
B. Body posture
C. Eye contact
D. Listening
14. If a business sells its customer list to other organizations without obtaining its customers' consent, the business
is likely to
A. take legal action against the other organizations.
B. lose its customers' trust.
C. damage others' reputations.
D. offer deep discounts to gain back its customers' loyalty.
15. Lamont Enterprises is using a trademark that looks very similar to the Seward Company's trademark. To
prevent Lamont from continuing to use the trademark, Seward can take legal action by
A. obtaining an arrest warrant.
B. charging Lamont with obstruction of justice.
C. filing an infringement lawsuit against Lamont.
D. requiring Lamont to pay a licensing fee.
16. Lisa and Aaliyah are finishing a school project together. When Lisa asks Aaliyah what she thinks about her half
of the project, Aaliyah tells her, "That looks good, but let me show you what else you could have done."
Aaliyah's comments are an example of
A. negative feedback.
B. constructive criticism.
C. internal feedback.
D. self-control.
17. To maintain positive, ongoing relationships with vendors, a business should
A. adopt an indifferent outlook.
B. develop complex contracts.
C. focus on its own interests.
D. embrace a team-oriented mindset.
18. Online shipment tracking is one example of __________ affecting supply chain management.
A. economic downturns
B. technology
C. globalization
D. production changes
19. Ethical quality management aims to benefit
A. the business and those outside it.
B. individuals in positions of power.
C. only those outside the business.
D. the business and its employees only.

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1285

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM

20. Which of the following are usually responsible for analyzing a business’s income statement:
A. Cashiers
B. Bookkeepers
C. Customers
D. Managers
21. A culture of recognition can deepen relationships because giving someone recognition means
A. paying them the ultimate compliment.
B. playing favorites with them.
C. valuing their success over your own.
D. ignoring all of their flaws and mistakes.
22. Which of the following is a reason that organizations undertake knowledge management:
A. They don't value an organizational culture of learning.
B. They know that new knowledge is only created outside the organization.
C. They want to ensure that organizational knowledge isn't wasted.
D. They must follow the laws and regulations of their industries.
23. Many countries have laws and regulations in place regarding workplace safety. In the United States, for
example, businesses are required to keep their walkways and passageways free from obstruction and debris.
This example best demonstrates how __________ affect(s) business __________.
A. legal considerations; operations
B. operations; accessibility
C. government; financial planning
D. the law; marketing research
24. Which of the following tasks is a project manager typically responsible for:
A. Determining and communicating the project objectives to clients
B. Telling project team members how to complete their activities
C. Providing direction and coordination to the project team work
D. Completing and documenting all of the necessary project work
25. What function of management establishes a company's levels of authority?
A. Organizing
B. Evaluating
C. Controlling
D. Staffing
26. How can management reduce the business's level of risk associated with ethics?
A. Advise employees that following business ethics depends on the situation
B. Assume employees know what constitutes ethical behavior
C. Allow employees to follow their own set of ethics
D. Train employees about expectations in relation to workplace ethics

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

4

Test 1285

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM

5

27. Building and maintaining political relationships within an organization is often beneficial because it often
A. creates a conflict-free working environment.
B. helps employees and the company accomplish objectives.
C. prevents the competition from losing market share.
D. reduces the need to seek information from outside sources.
28. Managers need to be familiar with the latest technology, government regulations, innovations and trends within
the industry, and competitors' activities. What category of resource is this?
A. Financial
B. Information
C. Material
D. Human
29. A developing country sets its currency to be the same value as the U.S. dollar. This is called a(n)
A. direct exchange rate quotation.
B. free-floating currency.
C. pegged currency.
D. indirect exchange rate quotation.
30. What should you do if a customer is being difficult or demanding?
A. Ignore them, and focus on another customer.
B. Continue to treat them with courtesy and respect.
C. Promise to give the customer a significant discount.
D. Tell the customer that their attitude is inappropriate.
31. The PVX automotive manufacturer keeps office supplies such as copy paper, pens, and notepads on hand at all
times. These office supplies are part of the manufacturer's inventory of
A. finished products.
B. raw materials.
C. work-in-process.
D. MRO goods.
32. When you are able to respect and appreciate other people's unique viewpoints, you can
A. work more efficiently at your job.
B. take on more responsibility at work.
C. have constructive dialogue with others.
D. expect people to take advantage of you.
33. Ethical stakeholder management includes
A. reaching key deliverables.
B. communicating honestly and openly.
C. using money wisely.
D. defining quality standards.

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1285

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM

6

34. Which of the following demonstrates business innovation:
A. Luis reviews marketing campaign results.
B. Tessa introduces more sustainable packaging.
C. Myesha attends a creative design conference.
D. Xavi listens to a startup business podcast.
35. Kara is preparing the work breakdown structure (WBS) for a new project. She has prepared five work packages.
She has estimated the time to complete each package as follows: Package A—26 hours; Package B—50
hours; Package C—38 hours; Package D—6 hours; and Package E—15 hours. If Kara's estimates are
accurate, has she followed the 8/80 rule?
A. Yes, the average time to complete each package is 27 hours, which meets the 8/80 criteria.
B. Yes, Kara has scheduled the packages so that each one does not exceed 80 hours.
C. No, package D does not meet the minimum requirement of taking eight hours to complete.
D. No, Kara has scheduled more than 80 hours of work for the entire project.
36. Which of the following helps individuals understand how their actions, needs, interests, values, and motives
affect their personal behavior:
A. Self-understanding
B. Self-fulfillment
C. Self-preservation
D. Self-esteem
37. A request made by an employee to a supervisor is an example of what type of communication?
A. Horizontal
B. Grapevine
C. Downward
D. Upward
38. Which of the following is the primary purpose of word processing software programs:
A. To store business records
B. To arrange numerical data
C. To maintain tables of data
D. To create text documents
39. The person who files a lawsuit is the
A. judge.
B. lawyer.
C. plaintiff.
D. defendant.
40. Knowledge management is important for business success, but it is often limited by __________ team
members.
A. specialist
B. collaborative
C. gossipy
D. unmotivated

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1285

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM

7

41. Vanessa is putting procedures into practice so her business records will not be lost in an office fire. She is
practicing which tip of good recordkeeping?
A. Use a system
B. Pick a style
C. Prevent errors
D. Avoid hazards
42. To continuously improve their quality processes, businesses need to
A. promote change.
B. implement flexible policies.
C. establish benchmarks.
D. solicit customers.
43. A company develops a new production process so employees can create products while seated. This requires
the company to schedule overtime hours but complies with a law that prevents employees from standing for
more than eight hours. The company has changed its manufacturing process in response to
A. costly overtime.
B. regulations.
C. employee disabilities.
D. legal battles.
44. Which of the following measures of central tendency is the most influenced by outliers at the extremes of a data
set:
A. Mode
B. Mean
C. Median
D. Range
45. Lakshna is buying a new car. There is a vehicle she likes at Dealership A, but before she makes her purchase,
Lakshna visits three other dealerships to look at similar vehicles to make sure she is getting the best deal. This
is an example of
A. currency speculation.
B. merchandising.
C. comparison shopping.
D. impulse spending.
46. Mr. Williams's small pharmacy has been in operation for 10 years. Recently, a few senior citizens have asked to
be billed once a month for medicines and other medical supplies. Mr. Williams would like to accommodate the
seniors but is not sure of the effect these changes would have on his business. Which business activity would
help Mr. Williams make a sound decision?
A. Strategic management
B. Marketing
C. Financial analysis
D. Production

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1285

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM

8

47. Which of the following is an example of a standing order:
A. A department store's assistant buyer places an order with a clothing manufacturer for winter coats without
providing specific styles, sizes, or colors.
B. An electronics retailer places an order on July 15 for a popular smartphone upgrade that will be available on
December 1.
C. The Dunder Mifflin Paper Company ships 12 cases of copy paper to the KMV Company on the third
Wednesday of every month.
D. Mr. and Ms. McPherson place an order with a local carpenter for a handcrafted table in a non-standard size.
48. Having a “rainy day" fund equivalent to six months of living expenses is an important financial goal because
A. you can dip into your emergency fund to pay for things like vacations and clothing.
B. emergency funds guarantee that you will be okay even if you never work again.
C. it will protect you during a catastrophe, such as a health emergency or unemployment.
D. you won't need to save for college or retirement if you have an emergency fund.
49. Individuals and businesses who are sued have a legal right to present evidence on their behalf before a court
can impose a penalty. In other words, these individuals and businesses have a right to
A. procedural due process.
B. substantive due process.
C. the Takings Clause.
D. sovereign immunity.
50. How does supply chain management increase customer satisfaction?
A. Reduces the time it takes for goods to reach consumers
B. Integrates information throughout an organization
C. Improves cash flow
D. Enhances data quality
51. During which phase of a project do project team members perform archiving procedures?
A. Controlling
B. Execution
C. Definition
D. Closing
52. What is the primary purpose of managerial planning?
A. To evaluate forecasts
B. To prepare for the future
C. To implement activities
D. To change processes
53. Corey wants a quality product that performs as it is supposed to. In other words, Corey is looking for an item
that is
A. durable.
B. responsive.
C. reliable.
D. serviceable.

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1285

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM

54. When an accident occurs at a place of business, employees should first try to
A. find out how serious it is.
B. take the victim's pulse.
C. move the injured person.
D. call an ambulance.
55. Silas is unsure how to dress appropriately for his payroll manager job interview. Which of the following is a
guideline that might help him select the proper attire:
A. Clothing types should follow current trends.
B. Patterns and textures of clothing should be contrasting.
C. Business clothing usually should be conservative.
D. Articles of clothing should have several points of focus.
56. One of the benefits of orderly and systematic behavior is that it should help you to achieve
A. your own goals.
B. immediate success.
C. financial security.
D. personal popularity.
57. Which of the following types of businesses is most likely to have high liability insurance costs:
A. A clothing boutique
B. A skydiving operation
C. A landscaping service
D. An ice cream parlor
58. A high level of self-esteem can help individuals to
A. keep from getting angry.
B. cope with criticism.
C. prevent problems.
D. avoid disappointments.
59. It is good to feel empathy, but empathy is more beneficial to others if you know how to __________ it.
A. demonstrate
B. demand
C. describe
D. define
60. An important function of human resources management in business is
A. social media.
B. employee recruitment.
C. domain development.
D. capital investment.

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

9

Test 1285

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM

10

61. Who typically pays payroll taxes?
A. Employers only
B. Employers and employees
C. Employees only
D. Government entities
62. If the supply of a product decreases while demand remains the same, the price the consumer is charged for the
product will probably
A. decrease.
B. stabilize.
C. remain the same.
D. increase.
63. Maverick is the new manager of the accounting department. He plans to meet with each employee individually
and ask them for feedback about his performance so that he can improve his weaknesses. Which of the
following approaches is most likely to result in honest feedback from his staff:
A. Maverick could admit a weakness that he is working on and ask if there are any other things he needs to
improve.
B. Maverick could anticipate concerns his employees are likely to have about his management style and
prepare possible explanations.
C. Maverick could simply ask employees if they believe he is effectively leading the accounting department.
D. Maverick could ask his employees to compare his leadership with the leadership of the former department
manager.
64. If you fail to assess the long-term value and impact of your actions on others, you are most likely to
A. damage other people's relationships.
B. limit others' personal growth.
C. become a better observer of the world around you.
D. have a negative impact on society.
65. Because the ILM Manufacturing Company orders large amounts of bolts and washers, the company's buyer
asks its parts vendor for an additional 5% off the invoice total. This is an example of a business negotiating
A. delivery terms.
B. a cash rebate.
C. a quantity discount.
D. service terms.
66. A car manufacturer in Country A purchases parts from a factory in Country B. When Country B suffers a
massive earthquake, the car manufacturer is forced to put production on hold until it can find another factory to
supply the parts. What type of risk does this situation illustrate?
A. Employee
B. Environmental
C. Political
D. Health and safety

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1285

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM

67. Which of the following is the primary activity performed during the execution phase of a project:
A. Financing
B. Producing
C. Arbitrating
D. Forecasting
68. Which of the following data change activities is considered a best practice:
A. Leaving an old system intact until its replacement is completely up and running
B. Only keeping one copy of all data and systems to reduce redundancy
C. Planning for data change processes to occur during normal business hours
D. Keeping data change processes hidden from employees until they are completed
69. One possible downside to choosing overseas suppliers is
A. increased delivery times.
B. a simpler supply chain.
C. increased costs.
D. increased taxes.
70. Andy presents his idea for restructuring his company to the board of directors. In which stage of the changemanagement lifecycle is Andy?
A. Implementation
B. Close
C. Review and authorize
D. Identify need for change
71. A reason why being honest helps workers get along well with their coworkers is that honest workers
A. live up to their promises.
B. are more willing to share.
C. focus on creating harmony.
D. exchange rumors and gossip.
72. What section of the statement of work (SOW) defines what the project will produce?
A. Schedule estimates
B. Purpose statement
C. Project deliverables
D. Benefits and risks
73. One of the primary goals of supply chain management is to
A. set prices for products that maximize profits.
B. control customer perceptions of a business.
C. minimize overall value to the customer.
D. gain a competitive advantage in the marketplace.

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

11

Test 1285

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM

12

74. Which of the following is a benefit of using mediation to resolve disputes:
A. Decisions that carry more weight
B. Unbiased third-party decision maker
C. Cost-effectiveness and efficiency
D. Higher payouts for defendants
75. In Maria's community, the accumulation of wealth is a shared value that is often passed down from generation
to generation. As a result, Maria is often attracted to luxury products. This is an example of a __________
influence on Maria's buying behavior.
A. psychological
B. situational
C. personal
D. cultural
76. Thomas is reviewing job applications to determine the five most qualified candidates to interview for a sales
position. What management activity is Thomas performing?
A. Orienting
B. Training
C. Screening
D. Innovating
77. Effective headings in research reports are
A. vague.
B. lengthy.
C. non-parallel.
D. descriptive.
78. Which of the following is an example of technology supporting a business's knowledge management processes:
A. Using location-targeted digital advertisements
B. Tracking customer information in a customer relationship management system
C. Sending digital coupons through a third-party advertising service
D. Monitoring interactions on a business social media account
79. Because the company's president was impressed with Ed's willingness to accept additional tasks and carry
them out without a lot of direction, they promoted Ed to a management position. What personal trait does Ed
possess that helped him advance in his career?
A. Self-control
B. Initiative
C. Self-confidence
D. Courage

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1285

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM

13

80. A manufacturing company would like to produce 5,000 finished products per day; however, the company cannot
afford the machinery to do so. Instead, the firm decides to extend each employee's work day by one hour to
make up for the lost production. This is an example of how __________ impact(s) business process design.
A. technology
B. social norms
C. regulations
D. human error
81. Which of the following are examples of digital assets a business could own:
A. Logos, apps, and customer email lists
B. Websites, machinery, and subscriptions
C. Websites, photographs, and property
D. Cash, photographs, and machinery
82. Which of the following is a type of insurance company in which the policyholders retain the profits:
A. Insurance underwriting association
B. Risk retention group
C. Insurance broker
D. Local insurance agency
83. Effective change management has benefits on both the organizational and individual levels. A way in which it
benefits an individual is that it helps
A. anticipate challenges and respond efficiently.
B. contain costs associated with change.
C. plan efficient communication strategies.
D. align existing resources within the company.
84. Monitoring a project makes sure people involved are doing their part to make the project run smoothly. This is
an example of how monitoring a project
A. saves time and resources.
B. creates accountability.
C. helps you learn from experience.
D. builds stronger relationships with stakeholders.
85. Which of the following is a good way to end a business phone call:
A. Make small talk about the caller's day.
B. List all of the points made in the call.
C. Wait for the caller to speak before deciding the call is over.
D. Offer your email address if the caller needs additional information.
86. Which of the following statements regarding employees' use of social media is true:
A. When employees make negative comments about their company, it generates positive publicity.
B. Employees of large companies should never be allowed to have personal social media pages.
C. An employee's personal social media pages have no impact on the company.
D. An employee's social media “brand” can impact the company's overall image.

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1285

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM

14

87. To reduce the risk of injury in the workplace, the government requires businesses to follow
A. safety regulations.
B. organizational health policies.
C. conservation ordinances.
D. privacy laws.
88. Which of the following is an example of intellectual capital:
A. Office computers
B. Sales revenue
C. A company's stocks
D. An employee's product knowledge
89. Every task in a business process should have defined roles and responsibilities, which can be documented in
an ARCI matrix. ARCI stands for accountable, responsible, __________, and informed.
A. constant
B. controlled
C. consulted
D. collaborative
90. Businesses that are built on strong ethical principles are more likely to
A. avoid legal trouble.
B. go bankrupt.
C. face lawsuits.
D. drive away customers.
91. A business decides to use some surplus cash to pay off a loan early. This is an example of using financial
information to
A. increase sales.
B. manage debt.
C. make purchases.
D. create budgets.
92. Which of the following is a form of technology used to manage business risk in relation to online security:
A. Meta tags
B. Frames
C. Site maps
D. Firewalls
93. Which of the following is a way in which business profits benefit society:
A. Profits indicate trends in consumer preferences.
B. Profits enable businesses to compete with other businesses.
C. Profits encourage business owners to conserve resources.
D. Profits provide an incentive to entrepreneurs.

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1285

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM

94. Which of the following statements best describes how all employees can help control company expenses:
A. They can manage their time efficiently.
B. They can implement a department budget.
C. They can control company purchasing costs.
D. They can increase the profit margin ratio.
95. A project manager must extend the due date of a project activity by three days. What project-management
software application will enable the project manager to make the change?
A. Reporting
B. Scheduling
C. Budgeting
D. Publishing
96. The money that a company has left over after paying its operating expenses and capital expenditures is
classified as
A. limited cash flow.
B. free cash flow.
C. dividends.
D. stock value.
97. How can a project manager fast-track a project?
A. Increase managerial oversight
B. Organize teams to run tasks concurrently
C. Refrain from making changes to stay on course
D. Add additional human resources
98. Creativity is associated closely with the trait of
A. imagination.
B. orderliness.
C. dependability.
D. patience.
99. When developing persuasive business letters, it is most important for the writers to think about the readers'
A. possible objections.
B. personal images.
C. decision-making styles.
D. nonverbal cues.
100. After his manager instructs him to prepare an analytical report, JoJo conducts online research on consumer
preferences and demographics to identify potential growth opportunities. Which of the following analytical
reports is JoJo likely writing:
A. Market analysis
B. Trend analysis
C. Financial analysis
D. Operations analysis

/////

1. B
Licensing agreement. A licensing agreement is a business structure that requires the authorization or
permission from an owner to another entity to use trademarked (e.g., logo, name), copyrighted, or patented
material for a specific activity, during a specific time period, for the profit of both parties. In the example, the
sportswear company pays the university to use its logo, so the business arrangement involves a licensing
agreement. A business-format franchise is a franchise arrangement in which the franchisee must operate under
the trade name of the parent company that provides continuous assistance in setting up and operating the
business. Multilevel marketing refers to a business, usually well-known, that pays commissions on sales earned
to people at two or more levels. The sales representatives usually work independently of the company. A
general partnership is a form of business ownership in which two or more individuals own the business, and
each partner shares responsibility for the business's liabilities.
SOURCE: BL:003 Explain types of business ownership
SOURCE: LAP-BL-003—Own It Your Way (Types of Business Ownership)
2. C
It is a continuous process. Directing is the management function of providing guidance to workers and work
projects. To varying degrees, managers need to guide their employees' work activities on an ongoing basis;
therefore, directing is a continuous process. Employees' personalities and needs vary, so managers often use
different communication styles to guide and motivate them. Directing occurs at all levels of an organization and
is a performance-driven function that managers use to obtain the desired results or goals.
SOURCE: SM:066 Discuss managerial considerations in directing
SOURCE: Samiksha, S. (n.d.). 6 important features/characteristics of directing function | Organization
management. Retrieved August 4, 2023, from https://www.yourarticlelibrary.com/organization/6important-featurescharacteristics-of-directing-function-organization-management/8670
3. C
Installment. Installment credit is often used to make major purchases such as cars and trucks. The title of
ownership will carry the purchaser's name, but the seller may hold the title or have a claim against it until all
installment payments are complete. Regular and revolving credit purchases pass legal ownership to the buyer
at the time of purchase. Trade credit is credit extended by one business to another business.
SOURCE: FI:002 Explain the purposes and importance of credit
SOURCE: LAP-FI-002—Give Credit Where Credit Is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
4. C
Production. Business analysis is the process of investigating and evaluating a business issue, problem,
process, or approach. Analysis helps the business determine if it is accomplishing its goals or if it needs to
make adjustments so it can accomplish its goals. Businesses analyze many types of situations. Production is
the process of producing goods and services. When the business detects production problems (e.g., output
decreases), it needs to obtain data to find out why problems are occurring so it can take the appropriate steps
to resolve the problem. Distribution is the business function of moving or transferring the ownership of goods or
services from producers to consumers. Finance is the business function that involves the management of
money. Human resources are the people who work to produce goods and services.
SOURCE: OP:327 Discuss the nature of business analysis
SOURCE: Course Sidekick. (2023). Factors of production: Inputs and outputs. Retrieved August 4, 2023, from
https://www.coursesidekick.com/business/study-guides/baycollege-introbusiness/reading-resourcesinputs-and-outputs

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1285

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

2

5. D
Customer list. A trade secret is information that a business develops or owns that can be used to obtain a
competitive advantage or financial gain. Customer lists, recipes, production techniques, and research and
development processes are examples of trade secrets. Businesses should develop procedures to protect trade
secrets to reduce the risk of competitors obtaining the knowledge for use and gain. Trade journals, credit
reports, and legal documents are not examples of trade secrets.
SOURCE: KM:004 Explain legal considerations for knowledge management
SOURCE: McCants, T.S. (2023, August 1). Protecting trade secrets. Retrieved August 4, 2023,
from https://www.findlaw.com/smallbusiness/intellectual-property/protecting-trade-secrets.html
6. D
Administer first aid. If someone you are working with cuts or scratches themselves, the first thing that you
should do is administer first aid. Jorge, for instance, should help Kendall treat her cut. If the injury is serious,
you should also call the paramedics and have the worker taken to the hospital for medical treatment. It is not
necessary to call the coworker's doctor. After the worker's injury has been treated, you will both need to fill out
an accident report. If someone is injured, you should help them, not ignore them and continue with your work.
SOURCE: OP:010 Handle and report emergency situations
SOURCE: Phalen Law. (2022, September 8). Workplace injury procedures for employees. Retrieved August 3,
2023, from https://phalenlawfirm.com/blog/workplace-injury-procedures-for-employees/
7. C
Demand. A demand letter is a letter sent to a person informing them of a legal dispute. Demand letters are used
in small-claim disputes to inform a person of the legal dispute and to ask for relief. Relief is the course of action
that would satisfy someone who files a lawsuit. Generally, relief is restitution. A termination letter informs
someone that they were fired from a job. An official letter is simply a formal letter. A demand letter is a step
further than a warning letter. A warning letter would simply indicate a problem to the letter-reader.
SOURCE: BL:159 Describe factors affecting the settlement of legal matters
SOURCE: Sanders, M. (2023, May 11). The do's and don'ts of writing a demand letter. Retrieved August 3,
2023, from https://www.legalzoom.com/articles/the-dos-and-donts-of-writing-a-demand-letter
8. D
Economic. An economic want is something that you desire that has a monetary value. Seeing a movie would
have a monetary value attached to it. A noneconomic want is a desire for something that has no monetary
value. Wants are unlimited because everyone has them, they change, and people are not able to obtain enough
resources to satisfy all of their wants. Limited wants do not exist.
SOURCE: EC:001 Describe the concepts of economics and economic activities
SOURCE: LAP-EC-901—Are You Satisfied? (Economics and Economic Activities)
9. C
Diagram. A business can use many different tools to capture and transfer knowledge in an organization. By
diagramming the information, the business can draw relationships and make connections among different
components of information. The business can analyze the diagram to determine efficiencies and inefficiencies
within the business, or it can share the acquired knowledge with employees within the organization. The
example is not using authority-based, statistical, or transcription techniques to capture and transfer knowledge
within an organization.
SOURCE: KM:005 Identify techniques that can be used to capture and transfer knowledge in an organization
SOURCE: Ding, O. (2021, December 25). Developing tacit knowledge. Retrieved August 4, 2023, from
https://medium.com/call4/developing-tacit-knowledge-b509e751583c

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1285

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

3

10. C
Human resources manager. A human resources manager is responsible for focusing on staffing activities,
including the planning, recruitment, selection, orientation, performance appraisal, compensation, and safety of
those employees. An operations manager is responsible for planning, organizing, coordinating, and controlling
the resources needed to produce and provide a business's goods or services. An office manager facilitates
business operations through information and communication management, data processing and collection, and
project tracking. A project manager is responsible for overseeing all of the activities that are part of a project.
SOURCE: PD:297 Discuss employment opportunities in business management and administration
SOURCE: LAP-PD-297—Career Opportunities in Business Management and Administration
11. B
Transportation. Supply chain network design aligns purchasing, production, warehousing, inventory, and
transportation. Supply chain network design does not incorporate marketing, promotion, or the sales force.
SOURCE: OP:479 Describe supply chain networks
SOURCE: Chartered Institute for Procurement and Supply. (2023). What is supply chain network design?
Retrieved August 4, 2023, from https://www.cips.org/intelligence-hub/operationsmanagement/supply-chain-network-desig
12. A
Groupware. Groupware is specialized software that allows users to work on documents together, share files,
and communicate quickly and easily. While some groupware requires users to collaborate through an intranet,
much of today's groupware is internet-based, allowing group members in multiple locations to work together
online. Many Web 2.0 tools such as Google Apps are groupware applications. Shareware is essentially sample
software. It gives consumers an opportunity to try software free of charge before purchasing it. Because it is
merely a sample, the shareware is likely to be limited in functionality or time. Spyware is malicious software
installed on computers to gather users' personal information. Freeware is software available at no cost to
consumers.
SOURCE: NF:011 Demonstrate collaborative/groupware applications
SOURCE: Gliffy. (2022, May 26). What is groupware and how do teams use it to collaborate? Retrieved August
3, 2023, from https://www.gliffy.com/blog/groupware
13. D
Listening. Listening involves not only hearing what the speaker is saying but making appropriate verbal
responses. It is an essential component, or part, of verbal communication. Facial expressions, eye contact, and
body posture are examples of nonverbal communication.
SOURCE: CO:147 Explain the nature of effective verbal communications
SOURCE: Skills You Need. (2023). Verbal communication skills. Retrieved August 3, 2023, from
https://www.skillsyouneed.com/ips/verbal-communication.html
14. B
Lose its customers' trust. Customers typically do not like businesses to share their contact information with
other organizations without their permission. When this occurs, customers become distrustful of the business
and often go to competitors to obtain the products they need and want. As a result, the offending business may
lose sales and profits and is likely to develop an unfavorable reputation. The customers may want to take legal
action against the business that shared their personal information without obtaining permission. A business's
response to customer defections may or may not involve offering discounts to gain back its customers' loyalty.
SOURCE: CR:017 Explain the role of ethics in customer relationship management
SOURCE: LAP-CR-017—Trust Is a Must (Ethics in Customer Relationship Management)

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1285

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

4

15. C
Filing an infringement lawsuit against Lamont. A trademark is a symbol, design, or word used by a producer to
identify a good or service. To prevent unauthorized use of the trademark (or a similar trademark), the trademark
owner should register the trademark with the government. If another company (Lamont) uses a trademark that
is similar to one that has been previously registered (Seward), the original owner (Seward) can file an
infringement lawsuit against the company (Lamont) to stop the unauthorized use. And in some situations, the
owner can obtain monetary damages from the unauthorized user. Directly asking Lamont to pay a fee is not a
legal action. Obstruction of justice is a formal charge in which the judicial system accuses an individual with the
crime of withholding critical evidence that can affect the outcome of a trial. An arrest warrant is an order issued
by a judge that instructs law-enforcement officers to bring to jail an individual who has been charged with a
crime.
SOURCE: NF:076 Explain legal issues associated with information management
SOURCE: Nolo. (2023). Is it trademark infringement? Retrieved August 3, 2023, from
https://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/is-it-trademark-infringement
16. B
Constructive criticism. Constructive criticism is evaluative information designed to help someone improve.
Negative feedback is feedback involving criticism, a negative judgment about you or your behavior; it tends to
make you want to change or modify your words or actions. Internal feedback is feedback that comes from within
yourself. Self-control is the restraint of your feelings, words, and actions.
SOURCE: EI:003 Explain the use of feedback for personal growth
SOURCE: LAP-EI-903—Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
17. D
Embrace a team-oriented mindset. To develop positive, long-term relationships with vendors, a business should
be willing to collaborate with them and view the relationships as partnerships; this requires a team-oriented
mindset. Developing overly complex contracts may cause friction with vendors. Being indifferent or focusing
only on the business's interests may also cause friction, and neither are ways in which a business builds strong,
long-term relationships with vendors.
SOURCE: OP:241 Maintain vendor/supplier relationships
SOURCE: Planergy. (2023). 10 strategies for improving supplier relationship management (SRM). Retrieved
August 4, 2023, from https://planergy.com/blog/improve-supplier-relationship-management
18. B
Technology. Technology has led to significant changes in shipment tracking and has, therefore, affected supply
chain management. Globalization, economic downturns, and production changes can also significantly affect
supply chain management, but they do not relate directly to online shipment tracking.
SOURCE: OP:478 Describe the impact of technology on supply chain management
SOURCE: Wisner, J.D., Tan, K.T., & Leong, G.K. (2019). Principles of supply chain management: A balanced
approach (5th ed.) [Lesson 1-3]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
19. A
The business and those outside it. Quality management is the ongoing process of planning, implementing, and
integrating quality into every aspect of an organization. Where quality management seeks to implement
practices that benefit the business, ethical quality management aims to benefit both the business and those
outside it. Organizations that prioritize ethical quality management are sensitive to the impact their products and
internal processes have on consumers and society.
SOURCE: QM:012 Discuss ethical considerations in quality management
SOURCE: LAP-QM-012—Quality Is the Best Policy (Ethics in Quality Management)

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1285

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

5

20. D
Managers. The income statement is usually analyzed by people who are responsible for the financial status of
the business. This includes managers who look at ratios to monitor operations and determine whether a
company is running efficiently. They also use the income statement to monitor yearly profit activity. Customers
usually do not review a business’s income statements unless they are also stockholders in the business.
Bookkeepers usually are responsible for compiling income statement information but not analyzing it. Cashiers
accept payments from customers, but they are not responsible for analyzing a business’s income statements.
SOURCE: FI:094 Describe the nature of income statements
SOURCE: LAP-FI-094—Watch Your Bottom Line (Income Statements)
21. A
Paying them the ultimate compliment. Giving recognition to someone is like paying them the ultimate
compliment—by recognizing that person, you show them that they are valued and respected, deepening your
relationship. A culture of recognition does not mean that people are playing favorites, and it does not mean that
people who give recognition value the success of others over their own. Giving recognition to someone does
not mean that you must ignore all of that person's flaws and mistakes; rather, it means that you choose to focus
on that person's successes and achievements.
SOURCE: EI:014 Recognize/Reward others for their efforts and contributions
SOURCE: LAP-EI-141—Gimme Five! (Recognizing/Rewarding Others)
22. C
They want to ensure that organizational knowledge isn't wasted. Organizations undertake knowledge
management because they want to make sure that organizational knowledge is available for use, not wasted.
New knowledge comes from both within and outside of an organization. Organizations that undertake
knowledge management value an organizational culture of learning. There are no laws or regulations forcing
organizations to manage knowledge.
SOURCE: KM:001 Explain the nature of knowledge management
SOURCE: LAP-KM-001—Know Go (The Nature of Knowledge Management)
23. A
Legal considerations; operations. Many governments around the world create regulations that affect the
everyday operations of all businesses by requiring or prohibiting certain actions. This example does not
demonstrate how government affects business financial planning, how operations affect accessibility, or how
the law affects marketing research.
SOURCE: OP:339 Discuss legal considerations in operations
SOURCE: Stone, J. (n.d.). How OSHA regulations affect the hotel business. Retrieved August 4, 2023, from
https://smallbusiness.chron.com/osha-regulations-affect-hotel-business-67443.html
24. C
Providing direction and coordination to the project team work. The project manager is responsible for helping
the team achieve a given project's objective, which means that they must oversee the project work to ensure all
activities work together toward a common goal. Project managers should not tell team members exactly how to
complete their work. The project manager is not responsible for completing all work; instead, they delegate
tasks and rely on the abilities of team members to complete work. The project objectives are either determined
by or include the input of clients or project sponsors.
SOURCE: PJ:007 Manage project team
SOURCE: Gido, J., Clements, J., & Baker, R. (2018). Successful project management (7th ed.) [Lesson 10-1].
Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1285

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

6

25. A
Organizing. Organizing is the management function of setting up the way the business's work will be done. A
primary organizing activity is establishing levels of authority. Staffing is the management function of finding
workers for the company. Controlling is the management function that monitors the work effort. Evaluating is a
controlling activity.
SOURCE: SM:064 Explain managerial considerations in organizing
SOURCE: Juneja, P. (2023). Importance of organizing function. Retrieved August 4, 2023, from
https://www.managementstudyguide.com/organizing_importance.htm
26. D
Train employees about expectations in relation to workplace ethics. Employees must clearly understand the
business's ethical standards and expectations. Offering ethics training can help employees understand the
business's rules and ethical standards. Employees who do not have a clear understanding of the business's
expectations in relation to ethical behavior put the business at risk. Employees who do not follow the business's
ethics guidelines may cross a legal line without knowing they have done so. Because employees' experiences
and beliefs often vary and because there are many gray areas in the business world, the business should not
allow employees to follow their personal set of ethics or assume that the employees know what the business
considers ethical behavior. Ethics are a set of principles that do not vary by situation.
SOURCE: RM:041 Explain the role of ethics in risk management
SOURCE: LAP-RM-041—Manage Risk the Right Way (Ethics in Risk Management)
27. B
Helps employees and the company accomplish objectives. Employees build political relationships in business to
influence others (e.g., coworkers, managers) to take a certain course of action. The ability to influence others
requires the employee to develop negotiation and conflict resolution skills. For example, an employee may need
help from another person who works in another department to complete a project or activity. If the employee
has developed a positive relationship with the other person, they are more likely to get the other person to help
complete the project, which helps the company achieve a business objective. A person who builds a positive
reputation and who continually meets the company's objectives is more likely to be promoted, thereby achieving
their career goals. A successful company is concerned with maintaining or increasing its own market share
rather than protecting a competitor's market share. Successful businesses often need to obtain information from
outside sources, which does not depend on the political relationships that develop within the company.
SOURCE: EI:034 Explain the impact of political relationships within an organization
SOURCE: Wooll, M. (2021, October 29). How to navigate office politics no matter where you work. Retrieved
August 3, 2023, from https://www.betterup.com/blog/office-politics
28. B
Information. Information resources are made up of knowledge, facts, or data. All forms of information are an
important resource for a business. Human resources are people who work to produce goods and services.
Material resources are equipment and suppliers used by businesses in their operation. Financial resources are
all the sources of money available to the business.
SOURCE: SM:001 Explain the concept of management
SOURCE: LAP-SM-001—Manage This! (Concept of Management)

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1285

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

7

29. C
Pegged currency. A pegged currency is set by a country's government to mirror another country's currency.
This is often done by developing nations to give their currency stability. Free-floating currency is the opposite of
pegged. Its value fluctuates based on supply and demand. In terms of U.S. dollars, an indirect quote is the
number of U.S. dollars that one unit of a foreign currency could buy. In terms of U.S. dollars, a direct quote is
the number of a foreign currency that one dollar could buy. For example, a direct quote for the units could be
U.S. $1.50 = 1 Euro.
SOURCE: EC:100 Describe the determinants of exchange rates and their effects on the domestic economy
SOURCE: LAP-EC-100—Get Your Money's Worth (Exchange Rates)
30. B
Continue to treat them with courtesy and respect. Even if a customer is difficult and demanding, they should still
be treated well. You should never ignore a customer, and it's out of line to tell a customer that their attitude is
inappropriate. You also shouldn't confront customers. Even if they're being rude, you still must treat them
respectfully. Be careful about making promises to the customer that you might not be able to fulfill. Broken
promises are poor customer relations, so avoid promising anything unless you're absolutely sure that your
manager would approve.
SOURCE: CR:003 Explain the nature of positive customer relations
SOURCE: LAP-CR-003—Accentuate the Positive (Nature of Customer Relations)
31. D
MRO goods. MRO goods are maintenance, repair, and operating supplies such as office supplies, janitorial
supplies, employee uniforms, and work gloves. While none of these supplies will be part of the company's
finished products—automobiles—PVX uses these supplies on a regular basis to ensure that the manufacturing
process runs smoothly. Raw materials are items in their natural state or condition, such as glass or steel. Workin-process consists of the car parts and components that are no longer raw materials but are not completely
finished yet. Finished products are completed goods that are ready to be marketed to consumers.
SOURCE: OP:336 Discuss types of inventory
SOURCE: Murray, M. (2019, November 15). Maintenance, repair, and operating supplies (MRO). Retrieved
August 4, 2023, from https://www.liveabout.com/maintenance-repair-and-operating-supplies-mro2221265
32. C
Have constructive dialogue with others. An important component of effective communication is respect. When
you are able to respect and appreciate other people's unique viewpoints, you can have constructive dialogue
with people of all backgrounds. Being able to respect and appreciate other people's unique viewpoints does not
necessarily allow you to take on more responsibility at work; however, the ability to handle diverse viewpoints is
a valuable skill that can make you an attractive job applicant. Your ability to work efficiently is not related to your
ability to appreciate other viewpoints. People will not take advantage of you when you respect and appreciate
their opinions. Rather, they will most likely return the favor and respect and appreciate your own opinions.
SOURCE: EI:136 Consider conflicting viewpoints
SOURCE: LAP-EI-136—Pick a Side (Considering Conflicting Viewpoints)

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1285

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

8

33. B
Communicating honestly and openly. Stakeholder management involves overseeing the communications and
expectations of all project stakeholders. Project team members need to check in with one another and with
stakeholders throughout all phases of the project, disclosing issues and sharing ideas. Ethical communication
includes being open, honest, and discerning when deciding what to share and how to say it. While defining
quality standards, using money wisely, and reaching key deliverables are all ethical, they do not fall under
stakeholder management.
SOURCE: OP:675 Describe the role of ethics in project management
SOURCE: LAP-OP-675—Projects With Principles (Ethics in Project Management)
34. B
Tessa introduces more sustainable packaging. Businesses must innovate to stay competitive, which includes
creating new products or services, improving existing processes, and implementing other methods to increase
efficiency and improve the company's bottom line. Tessa is contributing to business innovation by introducing
more sustainable packaging. While listening to a podcast, reviewing campaign results, and attending a
conference may spark new ideas, they are not direct examples of innovation.
SOURCE: SM:094 Describe relationship among innovation, learning, and change
SOURCE: Green, N. (2019, October 11). What is business innovation and why is it important? Retrieved
August 4, 2023, from https://www.wework.com/ideas/professional-development/creativityculture/what-is-business-innovation
35. C
No, package D does not meet the minimum requirement of taking eight hours to complete. A work breakdown
structure (WBS) is the process of dividing project tasks into meaningful components to complete the project.
Dividing the project into small work packages helps the project manager effectively schedule, assign, and
monitor project activities. The 8/80 rule for dividing project work packages states that no package should take
less than eight hours or more than 80 hours to complete. This rule intends to keep work packages in
manageable units—not too small or too large. Because Kara allocated six hours to complete package D, she
did not follow the 8/80 rule.
SOURCE: PJ:006 Prepare work breakdown structure (WBS)
SOURCE: Pudussery, A. (2019, November 7). Work break down structures—10 key characteristics. Retrieved
August 4, 2023, from https://www.wrenchsp.com/characteristics-of-good-work-break-downstructures
36. A
Self-understanding. Achieving self-understanding is a difficult and complex task that requires critical thinking.
Self-understanding is important because it helps people to know themselves. Self-esteem is the way you feel
about yourself. Self-fulfillment is reaching one's full potential. Self-preservation is the concern for one's welfare
and physical safety.
SOURCE: PD:013 Assess personal interests and skills needed for success in business
SOURCE: Betz, M. (2022, September 14). What is self-awareness and why is it important? Retrieved August 3,
2023, from https://www.betterup.com/blog/what-is-self-awareness

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1285

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

9

37. D
Upward. Upward communication is defined as communication that moves up the chain of command (e.g.,
employee to supervisor). Downward communication moves down the chain from management to employees.
Horizontal communication is communication with someone on the same level within the business. Grapevine
communication is unofficial messages passed among fellow employees.
SOURCE: CO:014 Explain the nature of staff communication
SOURCE: Sociabble. (2022, September 12). Upward communication: How to improve it and increase employee
engagement. Retrieved August 3, 2023, from https://www.sociabble.com/blog/employeecommunications/upward-communication-employee-engagement/
38. D
To create text documents. The primary purpose of word processing software programs is to create text
documents, although some have limited graphic capabilities. Businesses use word processing software
programs to write letters, memos, reports, business plans, sales contracts, etc. There are many different word
processing software programs available that enable businesses to create, edit, and store important text
documents. Although many word processing programs allow users to develop tables and include numerical
data, these functions are not the primary purpose of word processing software programs. Spreadsheet software
programs are used to organize numerical information. Database software programs are used to maintain
various types and tables of data, such as important business records.
SOURCE: NF:007 Demonstrate basic word processing skills
SOURCE: Microsoft. (2023). What is a word processor? Retrieved August 3, 2023, from
https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/word/word-processor
39. C
Plaintiff. The plaintiff is the person in a case who makes a claim against another person or organization and
starts the litigation process. The defendant is the person who is accused of breaking the law. The lawyer is the
person who represents the plaintiff or defendant. The judge is the person who rules on a case.
SOURCE: BL:160 Describe the litigation process
SOURCE: Murray, J. (2020, December 2). What is plaintiff in a lawsuit? Retrieved August 4, 2023, from
https://www.thebalancemoney.com/what-is-a-plaintiff-in-a-lawsuit-398411
40. D
Unmotivated. A common challenge with knowledge management is motivating people to share information and
apply that shared knowledge consistently. Knowledge leaders need to foster communities of collaboration and
cultures of growth to develop effective knowledge management systems. Collaborative team members will be
more inclined to share knowledge. Team members with specialized knowledge are assets to a knowledge
community. Gossipy team members might be unprofessional, but they aren't directly as challenging to
knowledge management success as those who are unmotivated and unwilling to participate.
SOURCE: KM:018 Apply knowledge management processes
SOURCE: Casey, M. (2018, June 21). 11 knowledge management challenges managers face. Retrieved
August 4, 2023, from https://dzone.com/articles/11-knowledge-management-challenges-managersface
41. D
Avoid hazards. Vanessa is applying the good-recordkeeping tip of "avoid hazards" by putting procedures into
practice to keep her records from being lost in an office fire. She is not practicing the tips of "use a system" or
"pick a style." "Prevent errors" is not a good-recordkeeping tip—although it is a good practice in any business
task.
SOURCE: NF:001 Describe the nature of business records
SOURCE: LAP-NF-001—Record It (Business Records)

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1285

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

10

42. C
Establish benchmarks. Continuous improvement is the ongoing practice of looking for ways to increase the
levels of excellence in relation to a process, good, or service. To determine if a business is improving the quality
of its various products and processes, it needs to establish benchmarks—ways to provide a basis for
comparison or evaluation of various components. If a business determines that benchmarks are not being
achieved, then it may need to change processes or take corrective action. Change might include soliciting new
customers or implementing new policies, depending on the situation being evaluated.
SOURCE: QM:003 Discuss the need for continuous improvement of the quality process
SOURCE: America Society for Quality. (2023). What is benchmarking? Retrieved August 4, 2023, from
https://asq.org/quality-resources/benchmarking
43. B
Regulations. The company's new process allows it to comply with regulations. A company does not seek to
schedule overtime if it is costly. There is no indication that the company is responding to the impact of employee
disabilities or legal battles.
SOURCE: OP:476 Explain the causes of business process changes
SOURCE: Taylor, H. (2017, September 26). Factors that affect process design. Retrieved August 4, 2023, from
https://bizfluent.com/list-7444011-factors-affect-process-design.html
44. B
Mean. The mean, often referred to as the “average” of a data set, is calculated by adding together the values of
all items in a data set and then dividing by the number of items. This number can be heavily influenced by
outliers because it uses all items in its calculation. Median refers to the item in a data set that occurs in the
middle when the items are listed by value from the lowest to the highest. Therefore, median is much less
affected by outliers than the mean. Mode refers to the item that occurs the most frequently in a data set. Since
outliers, by definition, occur less frequently, they do not affect the mode. Range is the difference between the
item of highest value and the item of lowest value in the data set. It is not a measure of central tendency.
SOURCE: NF:093 Interpret statistical findings
SOURCE: Bhandari, P. (2023, June 21). Central tendency | Understanding the mean, median & mode.
Retrieved August 3, 2023, from https://www.scribbr.com/statistics/central-tendency/
45. C
Comparison shopping. Comparison shopping is the act of visiting other businesses to learn what competing
stores are selling and the prices they charge in order to get the best price for the product(s) or service(s) you
want or need. Lakshna demonstrated comparison shopping by visiting multiple businesses to compare prices
before making a purchase decision. Currency speculation means buying, selling, or holding currencies in an
effort to profit from fluctuations in exchange rates. Merchandising is a career involving the selection of products
so that the right goods are in the right place at the right time to make a profit. Impulse spending is spending that
is the result of an on-the-spot decision and not part of an overall spending plan.
SOURCE: FI:783 Make responsible financial decisions
SOURCE: My Accounting Course. (2023). What is comparison shopping? Retrieved August 3, 2023, from
https://www.myaccountingcourse.com/accounting-dictionary/comparison-shopping

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1285

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

11

46. C
Financial analysis. This is the process of planning, maintaining, monitoring, controlling, and reporting the use of
financial resources. It includes how to obtain funds for the business's operations and how to spend the funds.
The marketing activity would add utility to the goods or services by enabling consumers to obtain the services
they need where and when they are needed. The management activity coordinates the resources so that the
services are available for the consumers. Production would include the creation of the needed goods or
services from the economic resources.
SOURCE: EC:071 Describe types of business activities
SOURCE: LAP-EC-071—Strictly Business (Business Activities)
47. C
The Dunder Mifflin Paper Company ships 12 cases of copy paper to the KMV Company on the third
Wednesday of every month. Standing orders involve sending products at set intervals. This type of purchase
order is ideal for businesses that need the same amount of an item on a regular basis. The electronics retailer
placed an advance order, which is a regular order that requests delivery at a future time—weeks or months
before needing the items. Businesses often place advanced orders for new items when they anticipate a high
demand for them. The assistant buyer placed a blanket order, which is an order that covers all or part of a
retailer's seasonal requirements. Businesses typically place blanket orders several months before the season
and do not contain detailed specifications or shipping dates. Mr. and Mrs. McPherson placed a special order,
which is a request for a custom item that a vendor does not normally carry in stock.
SOURCE: OP:250 Describe types of purchase orders
SOURCE: Lloyds Bank. (n.d.). What is a standing order? Retrieved August 4, 2023, from
https://www.lloydsbank.com/current-accounts/help-and-guidance/what-is-a-standing-order.html
48. C
It will protect you during a catastrophe, such as a health emergency or unemployment. Emergency or “rainy
day” funds are important safety nets in case of economic hardship. Saving up enough money to cover six
months of living expenses will allow you to sustain yourself in the event of job loss, health emergency, loss of
property, or tragedy. Ideally, you should never dip into your emergency fund until it is truly an emergency.
Having an emergency fund won't guarantee that you will be financially healthy forever, but it can help you get
back on your feet if you suffer a hardship. You should save for education and retirement costs in addition to
your emergency fund.
SOURCE: FI:065 Set financial goals
SOURCE: Caldwell, M. (2021, October 20). 8 reasons you need an emergency fund. Retrieved August 3, 2023,
from https://www.thebalancemoney.com/reasons-you-need-an-emergency-fund-2385536
49. A
Procedural due process. Procedural due process exists to ensure that individuals and businesses who are sued
or charged with a crime have the opportunity to present evidence on their behalf before a court can impose a
penalty. Requiring the government to go through a certain set of legal procedures before taking someone's
liberty or property provides the person or business in question a greater chance of being treated fairly.
Substantive due process exists to ensure that the government does not take away our fundamental rights (e.g.,
privacy). The Takings Clause requires the U.S. government to pay a fair price for any private property that it
takes for public use. Sovereign immunity protects a federal government from lawsuits brought against it in
foreign courts.
SOURCE: BL:070 Describe the nature of legal procedure
SOURCE: Legal Information Institute. (n.d.). Procedural due process. Retrieved August 3, 2023, from
https://www.law.cornell.edu/wex/procedural_due_process

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1285

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

12

50. A
Reduces the time it takes for goods to reach consumers. Supply chain management reduces the time it takes
for goods to reach consumers, which improves customer satisfaction. Integrating information throughout an
organization, improving cash flow, and enhancing data quality do not directly increase customer satisfaction.
SOURCE: OP:477 Explain the impact of supply chains on business performance
SOURCE: Flexe. (2019, September 26). 4 supply chain secrets to drive customer satisfaction. Retrieved August
4, 2023, from https://www.flexe.com/articles/4-supply-chain-secrets-to-drive-customer-satisfaction
51. D
Closing. During the closing phase of a project, the deliverables are given to stakeholders, the lessons learned
document is developed, and all of the project documents are archived (stored) for future reference. The project
is initiated during the definition phase. During the execution stage, the project is implemented. Controlling is the
management function that monitors the work effort.
SOURCE: PJ:008 Close project
SOURCE: Gido, J., Clements, J., & Baker, R. (2018). Successful project management (7th ed.) [Lesson 9-1].
Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
52. B
To prepare for the future. Planning is the management function of deciding what will be done and how it will be
accomplished, which is preparing for the future. Preparing forecasts is an activity that is often performed during
the planning process. Implementing activities and changing processes are part of the managerial controlling
function.
SOURCE: SM:063 Discuss the nature of managerial planning
SOURCE: Juneja, P. (2023). Planning function of management. Retrieved August 4, 2023, from
https://www.managementstudyguide.com/planning_function.htm
53. C
Reliable. A reliable product is one that performs as it is supposed to. The longer the amount of time between
breakdowns, the more reliable a product is considered to be. A serviceable product is one that can be
maintained or repaired. The easier it is to do so, the more serviceable the product is considered to be. A
durable product is one that performs its purpose for a long period of time. The longer the period of time before
the product fails, the more durable the product is considered to be. Responsiveness involves the level of
promptness and willingness with which a service is provided.
SOURCE: QM:001 Explain the nature of quality management
SOURCE: LAP-QM-001—Keep It Quality (Nature of Quality Management)
54. A
Find out how serious it is. To know what needs to be done or how much help is needed, employees need to find
out whether the accident victim's injuries are minor or life threatening. Taking the victim's pulse should be done
by medical personnel. Depending on the seriousness of the injury, it may be necessary to call a doctor or an
ambulance, but an injured person should not be moved.
SOURCE: OP:009 Explain procedures for handling accidents
SOURCE: Weeklysafety.com. (2023). Steps to take if there's an injury or incident at work. Retrieved August 3,
2023, from https://weeklysafety.com/blog/what-to-do-when-a-workplace-incident-happens

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1285

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

13

55. C
Business clothing usually should be conservative. Silas should try to create a positive first impression of himself
by following certain guidelines for proper dress. Dressing conservatively, especially for an interview, is one of
these guidelines. Silas does not want his appearance to distract the interviewer; he wants the interviewer to
focus the discussion on Silas's qualifications for the payroll manager position. Other guidelines include wearing
an outfit that has one focal point, wearing styles that are fashionable rather than trendy, and choosing
coordinating patterns and textures.
SOURCE: PD:002 Maintain appropriate personal appearance
SOURCE: LAP-PD-002—Brand Me (Personal Appearance)
56. A
Your own goals. When you work in an efficient, effective manner, you are more likely to receive such rewards
as praise, raises, and promotions. This helps you move forward in your career. It will not necessarily make you
popular, make you an immediate success, or give you financial security.
SOURCE: PD:009 Demonstrate systematic behavior
SOURCE: Eatough, E. (2023, May 8). How to set goals and achieve them. Retrieved August 3, 2023, from
https://www.betterup.com/blog/how-to-set-goals-and-achieve-them
57. B
A skydiving operation. The cost of liability insurance is based on how likely the purchaser is to be sued for harm
or injuries. A skydiving operation's liability insurance costs are likely to be high because skydiving is a
dangerous activity. An ice cream parlor, clothing boutique, and landscaping service are less likely to be sued
than a skydiving service because they are not dangerous operations.
SOURCE: FI:081 Describe the concept of insurance
SOURCE: MoneyGeek. (2023, April 11). A complete guide to liability insurance: Protecting your home, auto,
business & profession from common peril. Retrieved August 3, 2023, from
https://www.moneygeek.com/insurance/liability/
58. B
Cope with criticism. When self-esteem is well maintained, individuals can handle problems more easily,
overcome the disappointments that are part of life, and cope with any criticism they may receive. Self-esteem
cannot prevent feelings of anger from arising occasionally.
SOURCE: EI:016 Explain the concept of self-esteem
SOURCE: Skills You Need. (2023). Dealing with criticism. Retrieved August 3, 2023, from
https://www.skillsyouneed.com/ips/dealing-with-criticism.html
59. A
Demonstrate. It is good to feel empathy, but empathy really cannot benefit others unless you know how to show
it. Empathy must be voluntary and cannot be demanded. Defining or describing empathy may make it
understandable, but this is not beneficial to others unless you know how to show empathy.
SOURCE: EI:030 Show empathy for others
SOURCE: LAP-EI-030—Have a Heart (Showing Empathy for Others)

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1285

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

14

60. B
Employee recruitment. Human resources management is the process of planning, staffing, leading, and
organizing the employees of the business. An important aspect of the human resources function is seeking out
and attracting qualified potential employees, which is employee recruitment. Capital investment, domain
development, and social media are not primary activities of the human resources function in business.
SOURCE: HR:410 Discuss the nature of human resources management
SOURCE: Pradhan, D. (2023, May 5). Recruitment in HR and how does it work? Retrieved August 3, 2023,
from https://www.forbes.com/advisor/in/business/what-is-recruitment-in-hr/
61. B
Employers and employees. Payroll taxes, such as Medicare and Social Security taxes, are taxes typically paid
by both employers and employees. Employees and employers each pay half of what is charged for Medicare
and Social Security taxes, which are collectively known as FICA. The revenue generated by payroll taxes go to
fund government programs, among other things.
SOURCE: EC:072 Describe the nature of taxes
SOURCE: LAP-EC-072—Pay Your Share (Business Taxes)
62. D
Increase. A decrease in supply without a corresponding decrease in demand will result in an increase in the
price of an item. This may create a seller's market in which demand is so great that consumers will buy
regardless of high prices. The price will likely not remain the same, stabilize, or decrease.
SOURCE: EC:005 Explain the principles of supply and demand
SOURCE: LAP-EC-011—It's the Law (Supply and Demand)
63. A
Maverick could admit a weakness that he is working on and ask if there are any other things he needs to
improve. By admitting a personal flaw, Maverick is demonstrating that he can handle criticism so employees are
encouraged to respond honestly. Simply asking for opinions about his leadership may seem like Maverick is
looking for compliments, and employees may not offer helpful advice. Even if Maverick anticipates concerns, he
should focus on listening to the feedback, not on providing explanations for his behavior. Asking employees to
compare Maverick to the former manager may only lead to comparisons of his and their former manager's
personality or style with little insight into how Maverick could improve.
SOURCE: EI:106 Solicit feedback
SOURCE: Forbes. (2017, October 17). Want honest feedback from employees? 16 strategies to try. Retrieved
August 3, 2023, from https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbescoachescouncil/2017/10/17/want-honestfeedback-from-employees-16-strategies-to-try/?sh=6c68246929ac
64. D
Have a negative impact on society. Failing to assess the long-term value and impact of your actions on others
can contribute to a negative impact on society. If no one thinks of others, chaos will ensue! Failing to assess the
long-term value and impact of your actions on others may damage your own relationships but should not affect
others' relationships. It may limit your personal growth but should not affect others' personal growth. It will not
make you a better observer of the world around you.
SOURCE: EI:137 Assess long-term value and impact of actions on others
SOURCE: LAP-EI-137—Choose for the Future (Assessing the Long-Term Value and Impact of Actions on
Others)

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1285

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

15

65. C
A quantity discount. Businesses negotiate many terms when establishing and maintaining relationships with
vendors. Often, a business may negotiate a quantity discount, which is a deduction from the seller's (vendor's)
price for purchasing large volumes or dollar amounts of goods. Delivery terms address the manner in which the
business will receive the product (e.g., delivery charges, transportation mode). Service terms address issues
such as warranties, service calls, service fees, etc. A rebate is a return of part of the price that a customer pays
for a product.
SOURCE: OP:337 Negotiate terms with vendors in business
SOURCE: Liberto, D. (2021, March 30). Quantity discount: Definition, purpose, pros & cons. Retrieved August
4, 2023, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/q/quantity-discount.asp
66. B
Environmental. Environmental risks include natural disasters. When relying on a factory in another country, the
car manufacturer in Country A assumes the risk that if a natural disaster occurs in Country B, it will possibly be
unable to continue production. This is not an example of employee, political, or health and safety risk.
SOURCE: RM:092 Describe international considerations affecting risk management
SOURCE: Partner Engineering and Science. (2023). Business environmental risk. Retrieved August 4, 2023,
from https://www.partneresi.com/resources/glossary/business-environmental-risk
67. B
Producing. During the execution phase of a project, team members perform or produce the work to create the
desired outputs. Forecasting is the process of estimating something and is a planning activity. Financing is the
process of obtaining the funds to produce the project. Arbitrating is the process of facilitating a negotiation
process.
SOURCE: PJ:009 Execute and control projects
SOURCE: Watt, A., Barron, M., & Barron, A. (n.d.). 3. The project life cycle (phases). Retrieved August 4, 2023,
from https://opentextbc.ca/projectmanagement/chapter/chapter-3-the-project-life-cycle-phasesproject-management
68. A
Leaving an old system intact until its replacement is completely up and running. The safest way to implement
data change is to keep the old systems in place, untouched, until the new systems are completely ready for
use. This prevents complete loss of data if the new system suddenly fails during transfer or if something else
goes wrong. It's also a good idea to keep multiple copies of anything that is critical to the company's daily
activities, such as servers, networks, hardware, and storage systems. You can never have too much
redundancy when it comes to data change. It would be unwise to keep data change processes hidden from
employees until they are completed, since the changes may affect employees' daily work life. To avoid
interrupting normal workflow, major system changes should never be scheduled to occur during normal
business hours.
SOURCE: NF:264 Adhere to data change best practices
SOURCE: Kutner, Y. (2021, May 3). Five steps to successful technology change management. Retrieved
August 4, 2023, from https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbestechcouncil/2021/05/03/five-steps-tosuccessful-technology-change-management

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1285

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

16

69. A
Increased delivery times. Most companies want to reduce supply chain costs. Some of them may decide to use
overseas suppliers, who often have lower prices and lower taxes. However, using an overseas supplier can
often result in increased delivery time and a more complex supply chain.
SOURCE: OP:480 Discuss global supply chain issues
SOURCE: Roy, E. (2017, March 31). What are the biggest challenges of managing global supply chains?
Retrieved August 4, 2023, from https://www.tradeready.ca/2017/topics/supply-chainmanagement/biggest-challenges-managing-global-supply-chains
70. C
Review and authorize. After the need for a change has been identified, it must be reviewed and approved
before it can move forward. Andy is allowing the board of directors to review and authorize the change he wants
to implement. Andy has already identified the need for change, and he is not yet in the implementation or close
phases of the change-management lifecycle.
SOURCE: SM:096 Explain the change-management lifecycle
SOURCE: Ivanti. (2023). Change management lifecycle model. Retrieved August 4, 2023,
from https://www.ivanti.com/glossary/change-management?cwredirect=
71. A
Live up to their promises. Coworkers know they can count on honest workers to do what they say they will do,
to give them straight answers, and to try to do the right thing. This helps create harmony in the workplace, but
that is not necessarily a goal of honesty. Honest workers refrain from exchanging rumors and gossip. Honest
workers are not necessarily more willing to share.
SOURCE: EI:022 Demonstrate honesty and integrity
SOURCE: Long, N. (n.d.). How to create an atmosphere of honesty in the workplace. Retrieved August 3, 2023,
from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/create-atmosphere-honesty-workplace-10098.html
72. C
Project deliverables. The statement of work (SOW) is a document that outlines the terms, commitments, and
conditions of the project. It includes information about the project's activities, timelines, and deliverables.
Deliverables are the goods, services, or documentation that will be provided to the stakeholder upon completion
of the project—what the project will produce. The purpose statement defines the reason for the project.
Schedule estimates are used to predict when work will be completed throughout the project.
SOURCE: PJ:005 Initiate project
SOURCE: Landau, P. (2023, April 28). What is a statement of work? Definition & examples. Retrieved August
4, 2023, from https://www.projectmanager.com/blog/statement-work-definition-examples
73. D
Gain a competitive advantage in the marketplace. Supply chain management involves supervising the complete
process of getting products into the marketplace, from production to purchase by an end consumer. Two of the
main goals of supply chain management are maximizing the value that is provided to the customer and gaining
a competitive advantage in the marketplace by moving goods effectively and efficiently. Setting prices and
controlling customer perceptions are not primary goals of supply chain management.
SOURCE: OP:303 Discuss the nature of supply chain management
SOURCE: Fernando, J. (2022, July 7). Supply chain management (SCM): How it works and why it is important.
Retrieved August 4, 2023, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/s/scm.asp

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1285

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

17

74. C
Cost-effectiveness and efficiency. Mediation is an informal process during which two parties meet with an
impartial third party to find a mutually satisfactory solution to a problem. A benefit of mediation is that it is costeffective and efficient, especially compared to going to trial. Mediation does not lead to higher payouts for the
defendant. Mediation cannot impose a legally binding decision, so it does not carry more weight. Finally, while
there is a third-party mediator, that person does not make decisions. Instead, they help guide the negotiation
process while the two parties come to a decision on their own.
SOURCE: BL:161 Discuss the arbitration/mediation process
SOURCE: Soskin, L. (2017, December 6). Wondering what the difference is between mediation and arbitration?
Retrieved August 4, 2023, from https://www.huffpost.com/entry/wondering-what-thediffer_b_5291286
75. D
Cultural. A person's culture often has the most significant impact on their buying behavior. Culture is the system
of values, traditions, and preferences that is handed down from one generation to the next. Because Maria's
community values wealth, she is more likely to buy luxury products. This is an example of a cultural influence on
her buying behavior, not a psychological, situational, or personal influence. Psychological influences have to do
with a person's unique perception of the world. Situational influences are related to an individual's specific
situation at the time. Personal influences include an individual's unique characteristics, such as their age,
gender, stage of life, or occupation.
SOURCE: MK:014 Explain factors that influence customer/client/business buying behavior
SOURCE: LAP-MK-014—Cause and Effect (Buying Behavior)
76. C
Screening. Staffing is the management function of finding workers for the business. Staffing is an important
function because employees do the work to accomplish the business's goals. Screening is a staffing activity that
involves reviewing employment applications to determine which applicants have the skills that best fit the
business's needs. Orienting is the process of familiarizing a new employee with the company. Training involves
providing information or teaching skills that the employee needs to perform their job. Innovating is the process
of generating unique ideas or products.
SOURCE: SM:065 Describe managerial considerations in staffing
SOURCE: Juneja, P. (2023). Staffing process - Steps involved in staffing. Retrieved August 4, 2023, from
https://www.managementstudyguide.com/staffing-process.htm
77. D
Descriptive. Headings and subheadings are a useful part of research reports, but they must be descriptive of
the content. Headings should not be lengthy; rather, they should be concise. Headings should not be vague, but
instead should be clear and specific. Finally, headings should be parallel, rather than non-parallel.
SOURCE: CO:186 Write research reports
SOURCE: Victoria University of Wellington. (2017, April). How to write a business report. Retrieved August 4,
2023, from https://www.wgtn.ac.nz/learning-teaching/support/approach/steps-to-teachingsuccess/resources/WSBG-report-writing-guide-2017.pdf

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1285

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

18

78. B
Tracking customer information in a customer relationship management system. A customer relationship
management system is technology that businesses use to keep track of customer information. It helps
businesses contact customers and assist them as they interact with the business. Social media interactions,
location-targeted digital advertisements, and digital coupons are forms of marketing communications, not
knowledge management.
SOURCE: KM:003 Explain the use of technology in knowledge management
SOURCE: Document360. (2019, July 5). The benefits of adopting knowledge management tools and
technologies in your business. Retrieved August 4, 2023,
from https://document360.com/blog/benefits-of-knowledge-management
79. B
Initiative. Workers who show initiative are willing to act without having to be told to do so. They are willing to
accept or seek additional duties, which often exceed their employers' expectations. Workers who are competent
and show initiative are often promoted to positions that give them more responsibility. Although courage, selfconfidence, and self-control are admirable qualities that often lead to career advancement, these traits are not
related to accepting additional work and working without a lot of direction.
SOURCE: PD:035 Identify skills needed to enhance career progression
SOURCE: Indeed. (2023, February 3). 9 ways to take initiative at work. Retrieved August 3, 2023, from
https://www.indeed.com/career-advice/career-development/ways-to-take-initiative-at-work
80. A
Technology. In this example, the technology that was needed was too expensive for the company to purchase,
so the manufacturing process had to be changed in response. This example demonstrates how technology can
influence business process design, not regulations, human error, or social norms.
SOURCE: OP:475 Describe the factors that influence business process design
SOURCE: Taylor, H. (2017, September 26). Factors that affect process design. Retrieved August 4, 2023,
from https://bizfluent.com/list-7444011-factors-affect-process-design.html
81. A
Logos, apps, and customer email lists. Assets are anything of value that a business owns, and digital assets are
those that are kept electronically. This includes a variety of items: websites, social media accounts and posts,
customer email lists, photographs and other imagery, logos, apps, blogs, subscriptions, etc. Property, cash, and
machinery are examples of physical, not digital, assets.
SOURCE: OP:517 Comply with strategies for protecting business' digital assets (e.g., website, social media,
email, etc.)
SOURCE: Murray, J. (2020, July 21). How to protect your company's digital assets. Retrieved August 4, 2023,
from https://www.thebalancemoney.com/how-to-protect-company-digital-assets-4153375

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1285

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

19

82. B
Risk retention group. A risk retention group is a type of insurance company that is owned by its members—its
policyholders. As the owner of the insurance company, a risk retention group retains and controls its liability
rather than transferring its risks to another entity. Because the risk retention group retains control, it retains the
profits that it generates. Risk retention groups are typically formed by similar businesses and industries and pay
lower licensing fees than traditional insurance companies. Local insurance agencies are not owned by their
policyholders. Insurance brokers deal with many insurance carriers/products to meet the needs of their clients.
An insurance underwriting association is a professional association, which is a group of individuals who work in
the same profession.
SOURCE: RM:043 Discuss legal considerations affecting risk management
SOURCE: Kagan, J. (2021, June 26). Risk retention group (RRG): Meaning, benefits, history. Retrieved August
4, 2023, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/r/risk-retention-group-rrg.asp
83. C
Plan efficient communication strategies. Change management is the process of implementing change at any
level of a company where it is needed. A way in which effective change management benefits an individual is
that it helps plan efficient communication strategies. Other benefits it has on the individual level are increased
employee acceptance of change and improved morale, productivity, quality of work, cooperation, and
collaboration. Benefits of change management on the organizational level are that it helps align existing
resources within the company, contain costs associated with change, and anticipate challenges and respond
efficiently.
SOURCE: SM:095 Explain the nature of change management
SOURCE: Connelly, M. (2008-2023). Benefits of change management. Retrieved August 4, 2023, from
https://www.change-management-coach.com/benefits-of-change-management.html
84. B
Creates accountability. Monitoring projects keeps everyone on track. It makes sure you're hitting the key
milestones. It also makes sure that everyone is doing their job to make the project run smoothly. Monitoring
projects also helps you learn from experience, builds stronger relationships with stakeholders, and saves time
and resources, but those benefits are not related to the given example.
SOURCE: OP:520 Monitor projects and take corrective actions
SOURCE: LAP-OP-520—Check Your (Project) Pulse (Monitoring Projects and Taking Corrective Actions)
85. D
Offer your email address if the caller needs additional information. By providing your email address, you create
another line of communication for the caller in case they need additional information. Providing your email
address is also a good way to indicate that you would like to end the call without being abrupt. While
summarizing the key points made in the call can be helpful, it is unnecessary to list every point made. You are
more likely to make small talk about a caller's day at the beginning of a call versus at the end. Waiting for the
caller to speak can cause confusion, especially if you are leading the call.
SOURCE: CO:114 Handle telephone calls in a businesslike manner
SOURCE: Bucki, J. (2019, November 20). How to end a business phone call. Retrieved August 3, 2023, from
https://www.liveabout.com/end-phone-calls-professionally-2533712

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1285

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

20

86. D
An employee's social media “brand” can impact the company's overall image. Employees are often the “face” of
a company. As a result, anything that an employee posts on social media—positive or negative—can impact
their company's overall brand. Employees who make negative comments about their company do not generate
positive publicity; rather, negative comments usually generate negative publicity for the company. Employees of
any size company should not be banned from having personal social media pages. However, they should be
trained in proper social media etiquette so that they don't risk harming the company's reputation.
SOURCE: CO:205 Describe the impact of a person's social media brand on the achievement of organizational
objectives
SOURCE: McLachlan, S. (2022, November 30). How to create effective social media guidelines for your
business. Retrieved August 3, 2023, from https://blog.hootsuite.com/social-media-guidelines/
87. A
Safety regulations. Employees have the right to work in a safe environment. To ensure that businesses protect
this right, the government regulates certain business activities. For example, the government might require
businesses to inspect dangerous equipment at certain intervals to ensure that it is operating correctly.
Equipment that is not maintained properly is more likely to break and cause injuries to the employees who
operate it. Privacy laws address consumers' right to privacy. Conservation ordinances are local regulations that
address environmental issues. An organization's health policies are internal rules and guidelines, which may or
may not be influenced by government regulations.
SOURCE: OP:004 Describe health and safety regulations in business
SOURCE: Nelson, N. (2020, November 10). Government regulation of safety in the workplace. Retrieved
August 3, 2023, from https://www.wolterskluwer.com/en/expert-insights/government-regulation-ofsafety-in-the-workplace
88. D
An employee's product knowledge. Intellectual capital includes the intangible assets of a business that give it
value. Examples include employee knowledge and skills, relationships, intellectual property, systems, and
more. An employee's knowledge of the product is valuable to a company. Sales revenue and a company's
stocks are financial capital. Office computers are physical assets.
SOURCE: KM:002 Discuss the role of ethics in knowledge management
SOURCE: LAP-KM-002—Know What's Right (Ethics in Knowledge Management)
89. C
Consulted. ARCI stands for accountable (who is in charge of the process), responsible (who will carry out
specific tasks), consulted (roles that need to be consulted before an action), and informed (who needs to be
kept in the picture).
SOURCE: OP:474 Discuss business process thinking and its impact
SOURCE: Gyani, S. (2023, June 2). Set your team up for success with the ARCI matrix. Retrieved August 4,
2023, from https://www.insightlopedia.com/articles/set-your-team-up-for-success-with-the-arcimatrix
90. A
Avoid legal trouble. Businesses that are built on strong ethical principles are much less likely to find themselves
in legal trouble down the road. Entrepreneurs who “cheat the system” when starting their businesses risk
serious legal trouble in the future. Businesses that are run ethically are less likely to face lawsuits or drive away
customers, not more likely. Ethical businesses are not necessarily more likely to go bankrupt than businesses
that are run unethically.
SOURCE: EN:044 Describe the use of business ethics in entrepreneurship
SOURCE: LAP-EN-044—Ethical Excellence (Ethics in Entrepreneurship)

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1285

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

21

91. B
Manage debt. Paying off a loan early is one way a business can manage its debt. Analyzing financial
information helps managers understand the different ways its debt can be managed. Paying off a loan early is
not the same as increasing sales, making purchases, or creating budgets.
SOURCE: FI:579 Describe the need for financial information
SOURCE: LAP-FI-579—By the Numbers (The Need for Financial Information)
92. D
Firewalls. Risk management is a business activity that involves the planning, controlling, preventing, and
procedures to limit business losses. Businesses use technology to minimize security risks. One way that
businesses control security risks is by installing firewalls on their computer networks. Firewalls are computer
programs designed to prevent computer hackers from obtaining confidential financial data. A frame allows a
computer user the ability to view more than one web page at a time in a single browser. Meta tags are HTML
codes that display information about web pages. A site map is a flowchart that puts information on the Web in a
logical format so that internet users can find what they are looking for.
SOURCE: RM:042 Describe the use of technology in risk management
SOURCE: Cisco. (2023). What is a firewall? Retrieved August 4, 2023, from
https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/products/security/firewalls/what-is-a-firewall.html
93. C
Profits encourage business owners to conserve resources. Profits encourage business owners to make their
businesses more efficient so that they will make even more profits. Conserving resources is one way of being
more efficient. Conservation of resources benefits society because it means more resources will be available for
future consumers. All of the other alternatives are ways in which profits benefit businesses.
SOURCE: EC:010 Identify factors affecting a business's profit
SOURCE: LAP-EC-910—Risk Rewarded (Factors Affecting Profit)
94. A
They can manage their time efficiently. All employees have the capability and opportunity to manage their time
efficiently, which can help a company control costs. Managers, not all employees, implement a department
budget. Purchasing is often done by a department or certain individuals, not by all employees. A company's
profit margin depends on many variables that are often out of employees' control.
SOURCE: OP:025 Explain employee's role in expense control
SOURCE: Mendoza, A.C. (2023, June 13). Boosting business efficiency: Use cases for time & expense
management automation. Retrieved August 3, 2023, from https://blog.data-basics.com/use-casestime-expense-automation
95. B
Scheduling. Scheduling involves setting time limits for the completion of work. If a project activity requires more
time, then the project manager documents the change in the scheduling application of the software program.
Desktop publishing software is used to lay out text and images to create a digital file that is suitable for desktop
or commercial printing. Reporting applications summarize various types of data. Businesses use budgeting
software to estimate their income and expenses.
SOURCE: NF:130 Utilize project-management software
SOURCE: BrightHub PM. (2022). The best 5 project scheduling software - Review of free and paid options.
Retrieved August 4, 2023, from https://www.brighthubpm.com/software-reviews-tips/2492-the-topfive-project-scheduling-software-programs

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1285

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

22

96. B
Free cash flow. Free cash flow is cash that is left over after a company has paid its general operating expenses and
capital expenditures. A high free cash flow indicates a financially healthy business that is able to expand, develop
new products and services, and reduce its debt. Dividends are sums of money paid by a company to its shareholders
out of its profits. A stock's value is simply a measure of what it is worth at a specific point in time. Limited cash flow
would mean a company has very little cash moving in and out of the business.
SOURCE: FI:541 Interpret cash-flow statements
SOURCE: Investing Answers. (2020, September 29). Free cash flow (FCF). Retrieved August 4, 2023, from
https://investinganswers.com/dictionary/f/free-cash-flow
97. B
Organize teams to run tasks concurrently. Fast-tracking is a process in which team members complete tasks
concurrently, focusing on them simultaneously rather than sequentially. The manager should not refrain from changes
because changes might be necessary to fast-track a project. Adding additional human resources is a different
process known as crashing. Finally, to fast-track a project, a manager might have to decrease their central oversight,
rather than increasing it.
SOURCE: PJ:010 Manage project schedule
SOURCE: Lister, J. (2019). How can fast tracking affect a project? Retrieved August 4, 2023, from
https://smallbusiness.chron.com/can-fast-tracking-affect-project-32112.html
98. A
Imagination. Creativity is based upon imagination and original thought. In fact, the terms creativity and imagination
are often used as synonyms. Dependability, patience, and orderliness are not necessarily correlated with the trait of
creativity.
SOURCE: PD:012 Demonstrate appropriate creativity
SOURCE: LAP-PD-012—Imagine That (Demonstrating Creativity)
99. A
Possible objections. The purpose of a persuasive letter is to convey information that encourages the reader to take a
specific course of action. For example, the purpose of a sales letter is to motivate a person to buy a particular
product. An objection is a reason for not taking a specific course of action. When developing persuasive messages, it
is important for the writers to think about the readers' possible objections and acknowledge them. By acknowledging
the objections and providing a rationale that removes the objections, the writers better position themselves in
persuading the readers to take specific actions. Because each reader has different personal images and decisionmaking styles, it is not feasible for the writer to consider these factors if the letter is going to a lot of people. The
readers' nonverbal cues cannot be seen when writing persuasive messages.
SOURCE: CO:031 Write persuasive messages
SOURCE: Richards, L. (2023). Persuasive & effective business communication. Retrieved August 3, 2023, from
https://smallbusiness.chron.com/executive-communication-techniques-810.html
100. B
Trend analysis. Analytical reports are reports that evaluate a particular issue and recommend an action for
addressing the issue. Businesses often use analytical reports to perform market, trend, operations, and financial
analysis. Trend analysis involves researching consumer preferences, technological developments, and demographic
trends to identify growth opportunities or ways to increase sales. Market analysis helps businesses better understand
their target markets, market conditions, and competition. Operations analysis involves evaluating ways in which
companies can increase productivity and efficiency. Financial analysis helps companies address positive and
negative variances.
SOURCE: CO:185 Write analytical reports (i.e., reports that examine a problem/issue and recommend an action)
SOURCE: Christiansen, L. (2020, August 7). What's an analytical report- Its purpose and how to use it. Retrieved
August 4, 2023, from https://zipreporting.com/analytical-report/what-is-analytical-report.html

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

