1. A business that effectively coordinates channel management with marketing activities is more likely to provide
A. good customer service.
B. attractive product displays.
C. free delivery.
D. flexible credit terms.

2. Which of the following types of business organizations reduces or limits the risk of its stockholders:
A. Franchise
B. Sole proprietorship
C. Corporation
D. Partnership

3. Which of the following would probably use a longer channel of distribution than the others:
A. A bag of oranges
B. A printing press
C. An airplane
D. A bottle of shampoo

4. Electronic billing, purchase-order verification, bar-code technology, and image processing are examples of
A. functions of the finance department.
B. horizontal channel integration.
C. integrated data between channel members.
D. vertical channel integration.

5. When filing a tort against a business, the plaintiff must establish that the defendant
A. violated the doctrine of sovereign immunity.
B. damaged property intentionally.
C. conspired with a competitor.
D. breached the duty of care.

6. A producer can minimize channel conflict among its distributors and retailers by
A. selling its items directly to the end users.
B. offering different products through each channel.
C. establishing slotting fees for certain channels.
D. requesting that the channel members carry only its brand.

7. What is an advantage of verbal communication?
A. You use passive listening skills to understand the message.
B. Tone of voice can be used to express emotions and thoughts.
C. It focuses attention on facial expressions rather than words to express enthusiasm.
D. People must see you to understand the intent of your message.

8. When Amber walked by Ryan's desk, she noticed that Ryan was raking his left hand through his hair, that his face was red, and that he kept hitting the enter button on his keyboard with his right hand, while frowning at his computer screen. Based on his nonverbal cues, Amber would probably assume that Ryan was
A. patient.
B. frustrated.
C. bored.
D. enthusiastic.

9. You're giving directions to a group of coworkers, and you want to be sure they do exactly what you say. You should
A. raise your voice.
B. give directions in the proper order.
C. make the directions challenging.
D. demonstrate the final steps of the directions.

10. It is most appropriate for businesspeople to use complex, technical jargon when they are
A. speaking with coworkers.
B. greeting new customers.
C. introducing a friend to a business associate.
D. informally conversing with an acquaintance.

11. The human resources manager sends an email to all employees stating that they will need to park on the street on Tuesday because the maintenance department will be repairing the company's parking lot. This is an example of a(n)
A. informational message.
B. projection report.
C. business proposal.
D. formal inquiry.

12. A memorandum is typically used for communication that takes place
A. within a business.
B. among competitors.
C. infrequently.
D. between friends.

13. Jayson just learned his company wants to hire a new public relations assistant. He posts the job position information on his personal social media accounts and gives contact information for the manager that will be conducting interviews. Why is this inappropriate use of social media?
A. It could give Jayson's friends an unfair advantage over other job candidates.
B. It is unprofessional to post company employment information on a personal site.
C. Jayson is using inside knowledge to appear more important on his social sites.
D. Jayson is using his company's image to increase his number of social contacts.

14. Which of the following is a common product-related complaint:
A. Pressure selling
B. Reduced price
C. Poor service
D. Incorrect size

15. Two similar brand promises may be carried out differently depending on their
A. business environments.
B. types of packaging.
C. logos.
D. slogans.

16. A company decides to spend $5,000 on new office furniture instead of putting that money toward the marketing budget. What is the opportunity cost of this decision?
A. Lost benefits of additional marketing
B. Office furniture
C. $5,000
D. Lost benefits of new furniture

17. Businesses that carry a considerable assortment of goods but only one or a few related product lines are __________ businesses.
A. specialty
B. discount
C. service
D. limited-line

18. Which of the following is a true statement about how technology affects the external business environment:
A. Technology is the main way to compete with other businesses.
B. Not all businesses are affected by technology.
C. Businesses must look for updated technology all the time.
D. Certain target markets do not use technological products.

19. Business ethics involve considering issues about what is
A. legal and illegal.
B. right and wrong.
C. safe and unsafe.
D. positive and negative.

20. Legal protection of an invention or a process granted by the government to its owners for a certain number of years is a
A. license.
B. copyright.
C. patent.
D. trademark.

21. A depression is characterized by which of the following:
A. Fewer bankruptcies
B. Increased consumer spending
C. Rapidly rising GDP
D. High unemployment

22. Interest rates rising and falling by a wide range on a regular basis often are an indication of
A. price equilibrium.
B. seasonal unemployment.
C. flexible capital.
D. economic instability.

23. George thinks his culture is superior to all other cultures. This is known as
A. collectivism.
B. ethnocentrism.
C. stereotyping.
D. individualism.

24. When your level of self-esteem is low, this causes you to have
A. confidence in your ability.
B. difficulty with visualization.
C. doubts about yourself.
D. appreciation of life.

25. Thinking of a time when you were happy and proud can help you
A. find gaps between your behavior and values.
B. avoid activities that do not make you happy.
C. determine what values made you feel that way.
D. accept others' feedback regarding your values.

26. Adhering to an established set of personal ethics is referred to as
A. deceit.
B. integrity.
C. honesty.
D. truth.

27. Ethical dilemmas should be thought of as
A. challenges.
B. opportunities.
C. easily avoidable.
D. emergencies.

28. Jamie is constantly running from obligation to obligation, without a second of free time, and feels like he is behind on all of his work. Jamie is most likely to be
A. a procrastinator.
B. a perfectionist.
C. bad at time management.
D. overcommitted.

29. Which of the following might be considered a violation of employees' privacy in the workplace:
A. Use of time clocks
B. Use of video cameras
C. Use of security guards
D. Use of computer passwords

30. Integrity is one of the most important traits for ethical leaders to develop because it
A. is the foundation for other ethical principles.
B. builds consistency in difficult situations.
C. ensures they will avoid ethical dilemmas.
D. challenges leaders to be more confident.

31. What often increases when a person continually resists change or fails to adapt to new circumstances?
A. Inability to use logic
B. Feelings of contentment
C. Sense of accomplishment
D. Levels of stress

32. What is the first step in the process of leading change?
A. Show why the change is necessary.
B. Communicate the change to everyone involved.
C. Ask others to join you in leading the change.
D. Put the change into action.

33. Being enthusiastic about your job is an example of what type of behavior that builds positive working relationships?
A. Having a good attitude
B. Getting to know others on your work team
C. Demonstrating courtesy and respect
D. Being cooperative

34. Companies spend lots of time and money developing positive organizational cultures because positive culture is linked with
A. company failure.
B. stock market increases.
C. employee turnover.
D. improved results.

35. The entrepreneurs best equipped to work long hours and overcome obstacles are ones who possess
A. financial knowledge.
B. passion for their work.
C. technological skills.
D. confidence.

36. Each pay period, Kendra has her employer automatically deposit her paycheck into her checking account so the funds are available for use when she needs them. In this situation, money is functioning as a(n)
A. form of cash.
B. unit of measure.
C. medium of exchange.
D. store of value.

37. Bryant recently applied for a personal loan from the Maryville Community Credit Union, but his application was rejected. Bryant has a friend who works at the credit union, so he asks her what went wrong with his application. She told Bryant that the credit union's manager is prejudiced and rarely accepts applications from individuals of Bryant's religion. The credit union violated Bryant's right to
A. equal credit opportunity.
B. a guaranteed credit line.
C. proper notice of rejection.
D. practice his religion.

38. Saving the money that you might ordinarily spend each day on a cup of coffee and a donut
A. is the sacrifice you must make for future financial security.
B. will not result in significant savings.
C. can help you achieve larger financial goals.
D. is not a practical step in reaching your financial goals.

39. Sasha's personal budget contains two broad categories for her expenses. She should put her mortgage, her car insurance payment, and her utilities in the __________ expenses category.
A. variable
B. fixed
C. net
D. gross

40. The following is written on the back of a check: “For deposit only; Maria Evans; Account #285655.” This is an example of a(n) __________ endorsement.
A. restrictive
B. general
C. open
D. congruent

41. Which of the following is the most likely action that the government takes when a person misses the deadline for filing his/her income tax return:
A. Allowance
B. Refund
C. Extension
D. Penalty

42. Income from sales, cost of goods sold, gross profit on sales, operating expenses, and net profit or loss are all part of a(n)
A. sales budget.
B. balance sheet.
C. income statement.
D. marketing plan.

43. Lucia, a business owner, just hired a new employee. What is one thing she should be sure to do on the employee's first day?
A. Provide the new employee with all the details of every project s/he will be working on.
B. Start the new employee on work right away so that s/he becomes accustomed to his/her job duties.
C. Assign the new employee a mentor who can answer any questions s/he may have.
D. Let the employee work on trivial tasks for a few days so that s/he can ease into working.

44. What does a business need in order to understand why a successful product is suddenly losing popularity?
A. Purchasing documents
B. Sales records
C. Secondary data
D. Marketing information

45. Which of the following describes an ethical privacy policy:
A. It includes automatically sending email promotions to customers.
B. It puts the interests of the company over those of the customer.
C. It includes a system to protect customers in the event of a data breach.
D. It tries to hide information about data collection processes.

46. Which of the following is a technology tool that allows a business to observe a customer's Internet activities:
A. Hyperlink
B. Cookie
C. Spam
D. Host

47. The Henry Smith Company wants to select a representative group of consumers to survey. What part of marketing research is it doing?
A. Experimentation
B. Observation
C. Analyzing
D. Sampling

48. Managers and researchers have formalized their decisions into a statement of what the marketing research study will achieve, known as a
A. research problem.
B. relevant variable.
C. decision problem.
D. research objective.

49. The data needed for sales volume analyses and market share analyses come from
A. sales invoices.
B. expense reports.
C. company sales reports.
D. customer records.

50. Orson, a researcher, is asking a customer a series of questions during a scheduled meeting. Orson is using the __________ method to collect marketing data.
A. observation
B. relational
C. interview
D. contact

51. What is an indirect, mechanical-observation data-collection method that a business can use to obtain accurate information about the specific types of products that its customers are buying?
A. Point-of-sale scanners
B. Comment cards
C. Manual equipment
D. Sound-wave meters

52. The following appeared on a recent survey: "Do you agree that the government wastes taxpayers' money by supporting unnecessary programs?" This is an example of a(n)
A. open-ended inquiry.
B. indifferent statement.
C. leading question.
D. unstated alternative.

53. Which marketing function helps businesses answer questions like, “Who are our customers?” and “Where are they located?”
A. Pricing
B. Product/Service management
C. Marketing-information management
D. Promotion

54. Would a successful business ever change its marketing strategy?
A. No, once a business has a workable strategy, it should always be used.
B. Yes, a business should have no more than two marketing strategies.
C. No, changing marketing strategies is a complicated process.
D. Yes, changes in the marketplace require changes in marketing strategy.

55. Businesses need to identify their markets in order to
A. improve their research methods.
B. control the costs of production.
C. reach goals and satisfy customers.
D. be sure to appeal to all consumers.

56. For which of the following can a sales forecast predict sales:
A. A specific geographic area
B. The marginal utility
C. A situation analysis
D. The jury of executive opinion

57. The Microsoft Corporation generated $51.12 billion in revenue in 2007. This is an example of
A. factual information.
B. unwarranted criticism.
C. inconclusive evidence.
D. current data

58. Rhonda is doing research for a paper in her business class. She should use sources that
A. were written by authors who are reputable.
B. emotionally present one side of an issue.
C. are no more than 20 years old.
D. could be considered propaganda.

59. Which of the following is a way in which technology has changed the way businesses operate:
A. Productivity has decreased, and costs have increased.
B. Employees are sometimes able to do their work from home.
C. Entering new and foreign markets has become more complex.
D. The nature of marketing has remained relatively the same.

60. The set of computer programs that manages the hardware and software of a computer is the
A. digital connection.
B. operating system.
C. transfer protocol.
D. electronic resource.

61. When developing a computer-based presentation, it is important that each slide contain
A. creative transitions.
B. colorful graphics.
C. numerical data.
D. key points.

62. Dmitri is building a new website. Which of the following does he need to register to obtain a web address for his new site:
A. Web host
B. Domain name
C. Site builder
D. Street address

63. Which of the following helps in the interpretation of mined data:
A. Spreadsheets
B. Databases
C. Visual representation
D. Clustering

64. The purpose of a company's operations function is to manage its
A. day-to-day activities.
B. long-term goals.
C. communications.
D. employees.

65. Jason is an IT professional for his company, and one of his responsibilities involves the maintenance of the office's copy machines. One of the company's old copiers is due for a replacement in a few weeks. What should Jason do to ensure that any sensitive information stored on the copier is protected?
A. Jason does not need to do anything; the copier's manufacturer will handle the removal and/or overwriting of the hard drive.
B. Remove or overwrite the copier's hard drive himself to make sure all information is protected.
C. Contact the copier's manufacturer, dealer, or servicer to learn about options for removing or overwriting the copier's hard drive.
D. Delete all the files and print jobs that appear on the copier screen under "Recent."

66. Which of the following is a true statement about the benefit of having a safe workplace:
A. Financial expense is increased.
B. Bodily injuries are decreased.
C. Insurance claims are increased.
D. Productivity is decreased.

67. A project is officially authorized to begin by the
A. project charter.
B. registration documents.
C. Initiation Papers.
D. statement of work.

68. Before selecting the right people to work on a project, it is important to identify the
A. required supplies.
B. tangible resources.
C. needed skills.
D. physical facilities.

69. Superior Office Company received a state contract to supply office equipment to all public schools in the area. What does the company need in order to effectively produce the contract?
A. Products
B. Outputs
C. Supplies
D. Inputs

70. Which of the following quality-control methods improves quality by saving time and allowing potential problems to be caught earlier in the product design and development process:
A. Concurrent engineering
B. House of quality matrix
C. Lean production
D. Pareto

71. One of the benefits of setting goals that will help you in your relationships with others is that setting goals
A. helps you stay on task.
B. gives you a way to measure your progress.
C. helps you understand yourself.
D. raises your level of self-esteem.

72. A government enacts a law requiring all businesses to allow each employee a 15-minute break every four hours. This is an example of a law addressing an employee's right to
A. workplace supervision.
B. fair treatment.
C. form unions.
D. avoid harassment.

73. Which of the following should you do when preparing your letter of application:
A. Proofread quickly so you can send the letter sooner.
B. Write a letter that is at least one page long.
C. Repeat everything that is on your résumé.
D. Mention any mutual contacts you have.

74. One reason it is important for marketing professionals to follow ethical standards is to
A. build positive relationships with other individuals and businesses.
B. remove the risk of uncontrolled competition in the marketplace.
C. improve working conditions and financial security.
D. prevent unnecessary changes in the business environment.

75. A basic reason for the formation of a trade association is to
A. provide information for consumers.
B. find solutions for common problems.
C. promote goodwill for an industry.
D. establish a long-term group.

76. Which of the following is a common consequence for violating rules of conduct:
A. Increased compensation
B. Promotion
C. Written warning
D. Criminal charges

77. Which area of promotion will pricing affect?
A. Choice of transportation channels
B. Advertising budget
C. Where the product is offered
D. Materials used in production

78. Which of the following is an example of a potential unethical pricing issue as it relates to social responsibility:
A. A manufacturing company increases prices on certain items to cover expenses to add new pollution-control devices.
B. A pharmaceutical company sells a common lifesaving drug at extremely high prices in specific geographical regions.
C. A clothing retailer deeply discounts goods in an effort to reduce excess inventory from the previous selling season.
D. An oil company substantially increases its gasoline prices when the workers at a large refinery go on strike.

79. Most marketers cannot expect to maintain their profit rates unless they
A. introduce new products from time to time.
B. test-market new products.
C. allow products to move through the product life cycle.
D. form venture teams to assist with product/service management.

80. One way that advances in technology help businesses keep existing products on the market and extend their life cycle is by
A. minimizing inventory.
B. improving performance.
C. attracting attention.
D. demonstrating creativity.

81. What synectics technique compares a problem with something else that is unrelated?
A. Arbitrary metaphors
B. Discretionary comparisons
C. Forced analogies
D. Deliberate allegories

82. A restaurant wants to develop new menu items that will appeal to its customers. A server mentions that many customers have asked for gluten-free meals, so the restaurant decides to try out a few new gluten-free menu items. What method of idea generation did the restaurant use?
A. Observation
B. Brainstorming
C. Customers
D. Trend research

83. Why do businesses want to meet quality standards?
A. To determine how much work must be done
B. To reduce costs
C. To decrease profit
D. To examine how long it takes to get a job done

84. During the first year that Rick owned his new car, the vehicle seemed to spend more time in the repair shop than it did on the road. Rick contacted the auto manufacturer and demanded his money back because the car seemed to be defective, but the manufacturer refused. A member of the Better Business Bureau agreed to act as an impartial third party in the dispute. The BBB member studied the facts of the case, determined that the car was indeed defective, and decided how much money the carmaker would be required to refund to Rick. This is an example of
A. arbitration.
B. arbitron.
C. attrition.
D. automation.

85. Inventory reduction, sales stimulation, and new-product introduction are reasons that many businesses use __________ techniques.
A. capital-investment
B. stock-turn
C. dual-sponsorship
D. product-bundling

86. Coca-Cola, General Mills, and Pillsbury are examples of __________ brands.
A. generic
B. national
C. private
D. unprotected

87. A department store sells clothing from brands like Levi's, but it also sells its own private brands of clothing, also known as __________ brands.
A. business
B. corporate
C. value
D. distributor

88. What concept is illustrated in the following situation: A new business uses newspaper publicity and personal selling to attract customers and plans a special sales event to generate publicity for its grand opening.
A. Advertising media
B. Institutional promotion
C. Product promotion
D. Promotion

89. Coca-Cola's "Always the real thing" campaign is an example of what type of promotion?
A. Taste
B. Company
C. Product
D. Service

90. Which of the following examples depicts an advantage of using digital advertising:
A. Viewers must interact with a video ad before continuing to a website.
B. Ethan uses ad-blocking software so he can stream videos commercial-free.
C. Conversion rates of banner ads are more difficult to measure than in print.
D. Digital ads are more expensive than television advertisements.

91. Which of the following statements is true regarding the regulation of promotional activities:
A. International laws make it difficult for consumers to sue large companies for unfair advertising practices.
B. The regulation of promotional activities applies only to television, radio, and newspaper venues.
C. Consumer groups have very little influence with the government regarding advertising legislation.
D. Governmental restrictions in regard to promotional activities vary by country.

92. Which advertising medium offers the advantage of locating the promotional message near the point of purchase?
A. Newspapers
B. Billboards
C. Television
D. Direct mail

93. What does a business's customers recommending the business to their friends exemplify?
A. Word-of-mouth communication
B. Providing a testimonial
C. Verbal assertiveness
D. One-on-one selling

94. An important public relations activity in business involves giving public relations advice to
A. the media.
B. management.
C. government.
D. the public.

95. Which of the following is an internal factor that affects a business's selling policies:
A. Primary competitors
B. Financial resources
C. Customers' wants
D. Government regulations

96. Which of the following is a reason why the ethical and legal issues involved in selling activities are extremely important:
A. Sellers must understand how to criticize competitors.
B. Buyers avoid doing business with unethical salespeople.
C. Sales staff must know when they can legally bend the truth.
D. Sales managers are not responsible for what the sales staff does.

97. What information could a salesperson obtain by examining a product?
A. Care
B. Texture
C. Value
D. Price

98. Which of the following is an example of a salesperson describing a product's construction and materials:
A. "Many of my customers have owned and used this product for more than 10 years."
B. “To accommodate your décor, this product is available in a variety of finishes and colors.”
C. “Another feature about this item is that it can also be used in several ways.”
D. "Because the manufacturer uses high-grade materials to produce this item, its quality is superior."

99. After Dana helped her customer select a sweater, she asked her how she would like to pay for it. This is an example of what phase of the selling process?
A. Establishing relationships with customers
B. Reaching closure
C. Discovering client needs
D. Prescribing solutions to needs

100. When assessing risks associated with an upcoming event, sport/event organizations should acquire input from all levels of management and
A. public relations agencies.
B. vertical staff members.
C. financial consultants.
D. local personnel inspectors.


/////

1. A
Good customer service. Channel management is one of the marketing functions that must work with the
other marketing activities to get goods and services from producers to consumers. The goal of marketing
is to satisfy consumer wants and needs while achieving company goals. Businesses cannot satisfy those
needs and provide quality customer service unless all the marketing activities work together. For
example, businesses are only able to serve customers when they have the advertised items on hand and
at the right price. Not all businesses need or use product displays, provide free delivery, or offer flexible
credit terms.
SOURCE: CM:007
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 22-23).
Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
2. C
Corporation. A corporation, which is owned by its stockholders, limits the losses or risks to the amount
each individual owner has invested in the corporation. The other types of business organizations are not
owned by stockholders. A partnership usually divides the risk among two or three partners. In a sole
proprietorship, the owner generally assumes all of the risk. A franchise is a contractual agreement
between a parent company and a franchisee to distribute goods and services.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: LAP-BL-001—Own It Your Way (Types of Business Ownership)
3. D
A bottle of shampoo. Shampoo is a low-cost, standard product that would probably use a longer channel
of distribution than the other alternatives. A bag of oranges is perishable and needs to use short
channels. A printing press is highly technical, requires installation, and is quite heavy; therefore, it would
rely on short channels. An airplane is technical and quite heavy and would probably use a direct route
from the producer to the industrial user.
SOURCE: CM:003
SOURCE: LAP-CM-003—Channel It (Channels of Distribution)
4. C
Integrated data between channel members. The technology of electronic billing, purchase-order
verification, bar coding, and image processing enable channel members to integrate data. Vertical and
horizontal channel integration are methods of organizing distribution channels. The finance department
may utilize the methods to share data, but the methods are not unique to that department.
SOURCE: CM:004
SOURCE: Ingram, D. (2017, November 21). Channel management techniques. Retrieved September
10, 2018, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/channel-management-techniques-3072.html
5. D
Breached the duty of care. The duty of care is the basic principle that expects all individuals and
businesses to exhibit socially responsible behavior by using caution to prevent harm and by watching out
for one another. A tort is a private wrongdoing that potentially harms another person or entity. If a
business or one of its employees breaches the duty of care, the business may be held liable for the tort.
However, the plaintiff must have grounds or proof that establishes that the business or its employee
(defendant) has committed a wrongful act, thereby breaching the duty of care. Intentional damage and
conspiring with a competitor (collusion) are types of torts. The doctrine of sovereign immunity is the
universally accepted principle that each nation has the right to manage its own government and develop
its own laws.
SOURCE: BL:069
SOURCE: Gordon, J.M. (n.d.). Breach of duty of care. Retrieved September 10, 2018, from
https://thebusinessprofessor.com/knowledge-base/breach-of-duty-of-care/

Test 1182

MARKETING CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

14

6. B
Offering different products through each channel. Channel conflict can occur when channel members are
competing among themselves for customers. When each channel sells different products, they are not
directly competing among themselves for business. For example, if a guitar manufacturer sells its line of
guitars through authorized distributors and sells accessories for the guitars through online retailers, the
channel members are not competing for the customers because they are selling different products.
Bypassing channel members and selling directly to end users, establishing slotting fees, and requesting
channel members to carry only its brand are actions that tend to create channel conflict rather than
minimize it.
SOURCE: CM:008
SOURCE: Perner, L. (1999-2018). Channel management and conflict. Retrieved September 10, 2018,
from http://www.consumerpsychologist.com/dist_Channel_Management.html
7. B
Tone of voice can be used to express emotions and thoughts. This means that people can show their
interest and enthusiasm by what they say and by the way they say it. Although body language conveys
intent, people can communicate how they feel through their choice of words. The words that people use
often express their interest and enthusiasm. A key element of verbal communication is active listening.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: The Business Communication. (2013-2018). Advantages and disadvantages or oral
communication. Retrieved September 10, 2018, from
https://thebusinesscommunication.com/advantages-and-disadvantages-of-oralcommunication/
8. B
Frustrated. Nonverbal cues can tell others a lot about your emotions. In this situation, Ryan's nonverbal
behavior indicated that he was frustrated because he couldn't get his computer to do what he wanted it to
do. If Ryan was patient, he would not continuously hit his keyboard, turn red, or frown. If Ryan was bored,
he would be inattentive about his situation or surroundings. He might even yawn or do something other
than computer work for a while. Enthusiasm is associated with a positive attitude.
SOURCE: CO:059
SOURCE: Mind Tools Content Team. (1996-2018). Body language. Retrieved September 10, 2018,
from https://www.mindtools.com/pages/article/Body_Language.htm
9. B
Give directions in the proper order. It's much easier for your listeners to follow along if you give directions
in the order in which they should be completed. Raising your voice isn't necessary when giving
directions; in fact, it may intimidate your listeners. Your directions should not be challenging, even if the
task itself is challenging. If you choose to demonstrate how to complete the directions, you should show
how to do each step, not just the final ones.
SOURCE: CO:083
SOURCE: Karten, N. (2014, December 1). How to give instructions so that people will follow them.
Retrieved September 10, 2018, from https://www.techwell.com/techwellinsights/2014/12/how-give-instructions-so-people-will-follow-them
10. A
Speaking with coworkers. Jargon is a specialized language known only to a certain group of people.
Industries and companies often use jargon that is meaningful to their businesses and may not be easily
understood by people outside their industries or companies. Coworkers are more likely to use jargon
because they are familiar with the terms and their meanings or applications. New customers, friends,
business associates, and acquaintances may not be familiar with a specific industry's jargon.
SOURCE: CO:084
SOURCE: Your Dictionary. (2018). Examples of jargon. Retrieved September 10, 2018, from
http://examples.yourdictionary.com/examples-of-jargon.html

Test 1182

MARKETING CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

15

11. A
Informational message. Communicating information involves providing others with facts. In the example,
the human resources manager is informing the company's employees about an issue with the company's
parking lot. The human resources manager is not writing a projection report, business proposal, or formal
inquiry.
SOURCE: CO:039
SOURCE: Roberts, S.J. (2012). Fundamentals of business communication (pp. 219-225). Tinley Park,
IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Company.
12. A
Within a business. Memorandums are a frequently used form of brief, written communication exchanged
by people within an organization. Memorandums are rarely used among competitors or between friends.
SOURCE: CO:094
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 203).
Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
13. B
It is unprofessional to post company employment information on a personal site. Jayson's placement of a
job opening on his personal sites is unprofessional and gives the company little control over the
presentation or distribution of the information. There's no indication his friends would gain an unfair
advantage over other candidates since Jayson is not conducting the interviews. It's not clear whether
Jayson is trying to look important or increase his social contacts; however, those acts are of less concern
than the unprofessionalism of posting employment information.
SOURCE: CO:206
SOURCE: Arens, W.F., Weigold, M.F., & Arens, C. (2013). Contemporary advertising (14th ed.) [pp.
530-532]. New York: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
14. D
Incorrect size. Customers' complaints about products are the result of defective, damaged, or spoiled
products; the wrong size or color; mispricing; or the failure to meet the customers' needs. Poor service
and the use of pressure in selling cause complaints about the sales staff. Customers seldom complain
about reduced prices.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: LAP-CR-010—Righting Wrongs (Handling Customer Complaints)
15. A
Business environments. Two similar brand promises may be carried out differently depending on their
business environments. For example, a product that is sold in stores will have different touchpoints than
a product that is sold online. Types of packaging, logos, and slogans should not have a significant impact
on how a brand promise is carried out.
SOURCE: CR:001
SOURCE: LAP-CR-006—Share the Promise (Identifying Brand Promise)
16. A
Lost benefits of additional marketing. When a choice is made about the best use of resources, the nextbest alternative that is given up is called the opportunity cost of that choice. Opportunity cost is the
benefit that is lost when you decide to use scarce resources for one purpose rather than for another. The
opportunity cost of the company's decisions is the lost benefits from additional marketing. Office furniture,
$5,000, and lost benefits of new furniture are not considered opportunity costs in this situation.
SOURCE: EC:001
SOURCE: LAP-EC-006—Are You Satisfied? (Economics and Economic Activities)
17. D
Limited-line. Limited-line businesses specialize in the products that they offer for sale. They usually carry
an excellent assortment of those goods. Service businesses perform intangible activities that satisfy the
wants of consumers or industrial users. Specialty businesses typically carry a very limited variety of
products. Discount businesses sell products at reduced prices and usually carry a variety of items.
SOURCE: EC:070
SOURCE: LAP-EC-070—Business Connections (Business and Society)

Test 1182

MARKETING CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

16

18. C
Businesses must look for updated technology all the time. Because new technology is being introduced
all the time, businesses must constantly be on the lookout for updated technological tools that will help
them to be more efficient. All businesses are affected by technology in one way or another. Technology is
just one way for a business to compete—it might also compete through pricing strategies, promotional
campaigns, etc. Though some target markets may use technology more than others, all target markets
are affected by and use technology.
SOURCE: EC:105
SOURCE: LAP-EC-105—What's Shakin'? (Factors Affecting the Business Environment)
19. B
Right and wrong. Ethics are the basic principles that govern an individual's behavior. In business, ethics
involves how a business behaves in its dealing with other businesses, customers, and employees.
Businesses consider issues about what is right and wrong when they decide how to operate and how to
treat others. To be ethical, they need to consider how their actions affect the welfare of others. It is a
matter of considering what is the right way to act and what is the wrong way to act. It does not involve
considering what is legal or illegal, although some actions that are unethical are also illegal. Business
ethics does not involve considering issues about what is safe and unsafe, or what is positive and
negative.
SOURCE: EC:106
SOURCE: LAP-EC-106—On the Up and Up (Business Ethics)
20. C
Patent. A patent is one form of government protection of private property. Other government protection
includes copyrights, trademarks, and licenses. A copyright is legal protection of books and other artistic
works granted by government and giving their creators sole rights to them for 28 years. A trademark is an
exclusive name or symbol that is placed on a product and may be registered with the government to
prevent its use by others. A license is official permission to do or own a specified thing.
SOURCE: EC:008
SOURCE: LAP-EC-016—Regulate and Protect (Government and Business)
21. D
High unemployment. A depression is an economic decline that lasts longer than a recession. The
characteristics of a depression are a rapidly falling GDP and high unemployment that, in turn, result in a
decline in consumer spending and an increase in bankruptcies.
SOURCE: EC:017
SOURCE: LAP-EC-001—Measure Up? (Gross Domestic Product)
22. D
Economic instability. Interest rate is the percentage figure used in calculating interest charges. The
interest is the price of borrowing money. Interest rates rising and falling by a wide range on a regular
basis often is an indication of economic instability. The interest rate has an effect on the amount of
money available to loan and the amount that businesses and individuals are willing to borrow. For
example, when rates are high, borrowing decreases because the price of borrowing is high. This tends to
slow down the economy. In a stable economy, interest rates remain fairly constant and fluctuate by only a
few percentage points. Interest rates rising and falling by a wide range on a regular basis is not an
indication of seasonal unemployment, flexible capital, or price equilibrium.
SOURCE: EC:084
SOURCE: Heakal, R. (2018, January 17). Forces behind interest rates. Retrieved September 10, 2018,
from https://www.investopedia.com/insights/forces-behind-interest-rates/
23. B
Ethnocentrism. Thinking your culture is superior to others is known as ethnocentrism. Collectivism refers
to a society that is integrated into strong groups. Stereotyping is generalizing others based on their
cultural backgrounds. Individualism refers to a society in which group ties are loose, and everyone is
expected to take care of him/herself.
SOURCE: EC:045
SOURCE: LAP-EC-045—On Top of the World (Impact of Culture on Global Trade)

Test 1182

MARKETING CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

17

24. C
Doubts about yourself. When self-doubts are present, self-esteem has dropped. These doubts and your
low level of self-esteem may keep you from having confidence in your own ability or an appreciation for
life. A low level of self-esteem does not necessarily cause difficulty with visualization—the practice of
imagining yourself in possession of a present or desired strength. Visualization is a method of
overcoming low levels of self-esteem.
SOURCE: EI:016
SOURCE: Kimbrell, G. (2012). Succeeding in the world of work (p. 127). Columbus, OH: McGraw-Hill
Education.
25. C
Determine what values made you feel that way. Thinking about times in your life when you were happy or
proud, or certain experiences that stand out in your mind as meaningful, can help you determine the
values that made those times so significant. Thinking of a time when you were happy and proud does not
necessarily help you completely avoid activities that do not make you happy. It also does not necessarily
help you find gaps between your behavior and values or accept others' feedback regarding your values.
SOURCE: EI:126
SOURCE: LAP-EI-126—Assess Yourself (Assessing Your Personal Behavior and Values)
26. B
Integrity. Your integrity involves the overall quality of your moral character. Honesty refers to truthfulness,
fairness, and authenticity. Truth is an indisputable or accepted fact. The practice of cheating, misleading,
or misrepresenting is known as deceit.
SOURCE: EI:022
SOURCE: LAP-EI-138—Sincerely Yours (Demonstrating Honesty and Integrity)
27. B
Opportunities. It's important to remember that each ethical dilemma you encounter is an opportunity to
make the right decision and show that you can follow ethical principles. So, it's a good idea to view
ethical dilemmas not as challenges, but as opportunities. Ethical dilemmas are encountered often and
are not easily avoidable. They should not be viewed as emergencies.
SOURCE: EI:124
SOURCE: LAP-EI-124—What's the Situation? (Reasons for Ethical Dilemmas)
28. D
Overcommitted. Being overcommitted means committing to more than what is possible, necessary, or
desirable. People who are overcommitted, like Jamie, have countless obligations, events, and tasks each
day. There is no indication that Jamie is a perfectionist, bad at time management, or a procrastinator,
though these could all be potential causes of his overcommitment.
SOURCE: EI:077
SOURCE: LAP-EI-077—Commit to It! (Managing Commitments in a Timely Manner)
29. B
Use of video cameras. Some businesses, such as retail establishments, use video cameras to monitor
customers and prevent shoplifting. If these cameras are focused on employees, it might be considered a
violation of the employees' privacy. Businesses that use video cameras should inform employees so they
are aware that their actions are being recorded and monitored. Also, the business has an obligation not
to use cameras in areas that are designed specifically for employees, such as break rooms. The use of
time clocks is a method of recording time on the job rather than a violation of privacy. The use of security
guards is a safety factor that benefits employees and customers. The use of computer passwords
provides employees with a certain amount of privacy by allowing them to protect their computer systems
from unauthorized access.
SOURCE: EI:029
SOURCE: Guerin, L. (2011, October 10). Workplace cameras and surveillance: Rules for employers.
Retrieved September 10, 2018, from https://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/workplacecameras-surveillance-employer-rules-35730.html

Test 1182

MARKETING CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

18

30. A
Is the foundation for other ethical principles. Integrity means adhering to an established set of personal
ethics and sound moral principles. Integrity is perhaps the most important trait that an ethical leader can
have because it is the foundation for many other principles, including respect, fairness, trustworthiness,
and altruism. Integrity leads to positive relationships, loyalty, and stability. Integrity does not necessarily
build consistency in difficult situations, ensure that leaders will avoid ethical dilemmas, or challenge
leaders to be more confident.
SOURCE: EI:131
SOURCE: LAP-EI-131—Be the Change (Nature of Ethical Leadership)
31. D
Levels of stress. Stress is a mental, physical, or emotional feeling of pressure or tension. Adaptability is
the ability to adjust or modify attitudes and/or behavior to new situations or circumstances. When people
are not willing to adapt to new situations, they often feel higher levels of stress. Fighting or ignoring new
circumstances can increase stress, which can harm a person's health and well-being. Resisting change
does not necessarily affect an individual's ability to reason or use logic. When a person learns how to
adapt to change, s/he may feel content or a sense of accomplishment by accepting the change. Being
adaptable often helps a person to relax, which can facilitate creative thinking and learning.
SOURCE: EI:006
SOURCE: LAP-EI-023—Go With the Flow (Demonstrating Adaptability)
32. A
Show why the change is necessary. Showing why the change is necessary is the first step in the process
of leading change. After you've proven the need for the change, you can ask others to join you in leading
it, communicate the change to everyone involved, and put the change into action.
SOURCE: EI:005
SOURCE: LAP-EI-022—Start the Revolution (Leading Change)
33. A
Having a good attitude. Being enthusiastic about your job is an example of having a good attitude in the
process of building positive working relationships. A positive attitude on the job means many things,
including being enthusiastic, being optimistic and cheerful, and refusing to grumble or complain. Being
enthusiastic is not an example of getting to know others on your work team or being cooperative. It may
go along with demonstrating courtesy and respect, but it is best as an example of having a good attitude.
SOURCE: EI:037
SOURCE: LAP-EI-037—Can You Relate? (Fostering Positive Working Relationships)
34. D
Improved results. Companies spend a lot of time and money developing positive workplace cultures
because positive culture is linked with improved results, such as employee satisfaction, increased
productivity, high morale, and unity among diverse employees. Positive culture is not linked to stock
market increases, employee turnover, or company failure.
SOURCE: EI:064
SOURCE: LAP-EI-064—Culture Club (The Nature of Organizational Culture)
35. B
Passion for their work. Entrepreneurs who are passionate about their work find it easier to work the long
hours required. They are also more likely to overcome obstacles out of a desire to continue doing what
they love. Confidence can help an entrepreneur overcome challenges, but it does not necessarily help
him/her work long hours. Financial knowledge can help an entrepreneur overcome financial obstacles,
but it may not help an entrepreneur solve other problems or deal with long work hours. Technological
skills are very useful in solving some problems, but they don't help an entrepreneur personally work for
long periods of time.
SOURCE: EN:040
SOURCE: Gregory, A. (2018, May 20). 10 character traits of successful small business owners.
Retrieved September 10, 2018, from https://www.thebalancesmb.com/successful-ownerscharacter-traits-2951855

Test 1182

MARKETING CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

19

36. D
Store of value. Money functions as a store of value when it is saved rather than spent. The money can be
held over time, and it retains value for future purchasing power. Money serves as a unit of measure when
it is used to express the value or worth of something. Money serves as a medium of exchange when it is
used to obtain goods and services. Cash is a form of money—currency and coins. Because Kendra's
paycheck was automatically deposited in her bank account, currency and coins have not been touched.
SOURCE: FI:060
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [p.
45]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
37. A
Equal credit opportunity. All individuals are entitled to receive equal opportunity for credit under consumer
credit protection laws. This means that creditors may not discriminate against an individual because of
his/her race, color, religion, national origin, sex, marital status, or age when they make credit decisions.
Individuals are not entitled to a credit guarantee. Methods of notifying candidates of their rejection for
credit lines vary, and there is not a single “proper” way that is considered appropriate. Maryville Credit
Union discriminated against Bryant because of his religion, but it did not violate his right to practice his
religion.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: Irby, L. (2018, April 21). Consumer credit laws you should be familiar with. Retrieved
September 10, 2018, from https://www.thebalance.com/consumer-credit-laws-you-shouldbe-familiar-with-4068374
38. C
Can help you achieve larger financial goals. Making purposeful spending decisions, instead of spending
out of habit or impulsively, is an important step in achieving larger financial goals. Even small daily
savings add up to significant amounts over time. Day-to-day spending does not have to be sacrificed
entirely for future financial security, as long as you're aware of your spending and are making purposeful
decisions. Small savings every day are a very practical step in reaching your financial goals.
SOURCE: FI:065
SOURCE: Benve, R. (2018, August 14). How to set SMART personal financial goals. Retrieved
September 10, 2018, from https://toughnickel.com/personal-finance/How-to-Set-PersonalFinancial-Goals-Budgeting
39. B
Fixed. When you make a personal budget, it's important to divide your expenses into two broad
categories. Fixed expenses are those that stay the same from month to month, like mortgages, car
insurance payments, and utilities. Variable expenses change from month to month. Net and gross are
terms that are used to describe income, not expenses.
SOURCE: FI:066
SOURCE: Inc. (2018, April 19). Fixed and variable expenses. Retrieved September 10, 2018, from
http://www.inc.com/encyclopedia/fixed-and-variable-expenses.html
40. A
Restrictive. Banks require checks to be endorsed before processing. Endorsement involves signing the
back of the check, which allows the funds to be transferred from the check source to the payee. There
are different types of endorsements. A restrictive endorsement limits how the check can be processed. In
the example, the check can only be deposited to the endorser's (Maria) specified account. The check
cannot be cashed or placed into another account. A general endorsement allows the endorser to cash
the check or deposit it into the account of his/her choice—there are no restrictions placed on the funds
transfer. Open and congruent endorsements are fictitious terms.
SOURCE: FI:560
SOURCE: Pritchard, J. (2018, August 2). See how to endorse checks. When and how to sign. Retrieved
September 10, 2018, from https://www.thebalance.com/how-to-endorse-checks-315300

Test 1182

MARKETING CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

20

41. D
Penalty. A penalty is a punishment. The government depends on income tax to support public programs.
When people do not provide income tax information when it is needed, the government often imposes a
penalty, usually a fine or fee. Ongoing failure to report income can result in imprisonment. The
government does not offer a refund or allowance for missing an important deadline. However, a person
can file for an extension to avoid being penalized for missing a filing deadline.
SOURCE: FI:074
SOURCE: IRS. (2014, April 18). Tips for taxpayers who missed the tax deadline. Retrieved September
10, 2018, from https://www.irs.gov/newsroom/tips-for-taxpayers-who-missed-the-tax-deadline
42. C
Income statement. An income statement is a financial summary that shows how much money the
business has made or lost. It is also called a profit-and-loss statement. A balance sheet shows a firm's
assets, liabilities, and owner's equity. A marketing plan is a set of procedures or strategies for attracting
the target customer to the business. A sales budget is an estimate of expenditures related to sales.
SOURCE: FI:094
SOURCE: LAP-FI-004—Watch Your Bottom Line (Income Statements)
43. C
Assign the new employee a mentor who can answer any questions s/he may have. One simple way to
make an employee feel comfortable is to assign a mentor. The mentor doesn't need to be the employee's
direct supervisor—it just needs to be someone who can show the new employee the ropes. It will help
the new employee to have one ready-made friend who can show her/him around. Lucia should provide
some sort of orientation for the new employee before s/he starts working. There are many important
things the employee will need to know about the company's policies and his/her benefits. Although it is
important to make sure the employee has information about the projects s/he is working on, Lucia won't
want to overwhelm the new employee with too much information on the first day. It's also important not to
give the employee busy work that doesn't fit into his/her job description. After all, that's not why the
employee was hired, and this won't help the new employee become more comfortable at work.
SOURCE: HR:360
SOURCE: Moon, L. (2018, January 16). New employee onboarding: A success template for every hire.
Retrieved September 10, 2018, from https://blog.trello.com/new-employee-onboarding-bestpractices-for-new-hires
44. D
Marketing information. Marketing information is all of the marketing-related data available inside and
outside the business. This includes information about customers, competitors, demographics, etc.
Businesses need marketing information in order to understand why a product that has been successful is
suddenly losing popularity. For example, marketing information might tell a business that the target
market for the product is decreasing in size because of age, or that a competitor has introduced a similar
product that sells for less. Once the business understands the reason for the loss in popularity, it can
take steps to correct the problem. Sales records are a type of marketing information, but they usually
indicate only the decrease in sales rather than the reason for the decrease. Secondary data is a type of
marketing information that has been collected for purposes other than the project at hand. It may not be
useful in determining why a product is now losing popularity. Purchasing documents are documents a
business uses to purchase goods and services.
SOURCE: IM:012
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 654-656).
Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
45. C
It includes a system to protect customers in the event of a data breach. An ethical privacy policy puts the
customers first. Part of putting the customers first is securely protecting customer data and having a plan
in place if a data breach does occur. Putting the interests of the company ahead of those of the customer
is generally not ethical. Automatically sending email promotions to customers is not necessarily part of an
ethical privacy policy. Hiding information about data collection processes is unethical.
SOURCE: IM:025
SOURCE: LAP-IM-025—Info With Integrity (Ethics in Marketing-Information Management)

Test 1182

MARKETING CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

21

46. B
Cookie. Cookies are text files that a business puts on a website visitor's computer hard drive. The text
files allow the business to observe or track the visitor's Internet behavior and retrieve information during
subsequent visits to its website. Cookies provide the business with information about a particular
customer's browsing behavior, buying patterns, and preferences. A hyperlink is a component of an
electronic document that an Internet user can click on, allowing him/her to jump to another place within
the document or to jump into a different document. Spam is junk email. A host stores web pages on a
server for a monthly fee.
SOURCE: IM:183
SOURCE: Target Internet. (2018). Digital marketing guide to cookies. Retrieved September 10, 2018,
from https://www.targetinternet.com/digital-marketing-guide-to-cookies/
47. D
Sampling. The process of choosing a representative group of consumers to survey is sampling. It is
usually impossible to study everyone, so researchers must use sampling. Observation gathers data,
experimentation tests cause and effect, and analyzing interprets the data. They are all important to
marketing research but are not part of sampling.
SOURCE: IM:010
SOURCE: LAP-IM-010—Seek and Find (Marketing Research)
48. D
Research objective. Research objectives are formal statements of what a marketing research study will
achieve. Relevant variables are the types of information studied in a marketing research project (e.g.,
brand awareness, customer satisfaction, etc.). A decision problem is the issue from the managers'
perspective. A research problem is the issue from the researchers' perspective.
SOURCE: IM:282
SOURCE: LAP-IM-282—What's the Problem? (Marketing Research Problems)
49. C
Company sales reports. The data needed for sales volume analyses and market share analyses come
from the facts and figures in sales reports. Expense reports let a company know how much money is
being spent on employees' food, lodging, travel, etc. Sales invoices don't show sales in relation to goals,
budgets, prior time periods, etc. Customer records don't include sales data for the entire company.
SOURCE: IM:184
SOURCE: LAP-IM-184—Data Diving (Identifying Marketing Data)
50. C
Interview. Researchers often collect marketing data by conducting interviews with customers. The
interviews can take place over the telephone, through the computer, or by holding face-to-face
discussions (group or individual). An interview is a good method to use when the business wants in-depth
information from the respondents. The disadvantage to holding interviews is the expense. Observation is
a research method that involves watching customers. Relational and contact interviews are fictitious
terms.
SOURCE: IM:289
SOURCE: Zikmund, W.G., & Babin, B. (2010). Essentials of marketing research (4th ed.) [pp. 156-158].
Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
51. A
Point-of-sale scanners. Many businesses use data from their point-of-sale devices (computerized cash
registers) to collect marketing information. Because the point-of-sale scanner records all of the
customers' purchases, a business can use the device to (indirectly) “observe” its customers' purchasing
habits on an ongoing basis. The business can use the data to determine its fast-moving items and its
customers' brand preferences. Comment cards are small, short, preprinted questionnaires. Manual
equipment is too broad a term to specifically address how marketing researchers collect data. Marketing
researchers do not use sound-wave meters to collect information about the types of products that
customers are buying.
SOURCE: IM:418
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (pp. 373-379).
Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.

Test 1182

MARKETING CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

22

52. C
Leading question. Leading questions tend to influence the respondents' answers and create bias, which
skews results. Because words such as "wastes" and "unnecessary programs" tend to generate strong
emotional reactions and overall negative views about the topic, the survey question is biased. The
question is a closed-ended question because it requires a "yes" or "no" answer. The situation does not
exemplify an indifferent statement, an open-ended inquiry, or an unstated alternative.
SOURCE: IM:293
SOURCE: Churchill, G.A., Brown, T.J., & Suter, T.A. (2010). Basic marketing research (7th ed.) [pp.
302-303]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
53. C
Marketing-information management. Marketing-information management involves gathering, accessing,
synthesizing, evaluating, and disseminating information. If the information is accurate, it can help
businesses answer questions like, “Who are our customers?” and “Where are they located?”
Product/Service management involves deciding on the products that a business will produce or offer.
Pricing focuses on determining and adjusting prices to maximize return and meet customers' perceptions
of value. It involves paying attention to supply and demand, as well as the prices that competitors are
charging. The promotion function communicates information about goods, services, images, and/or ideas
to achieve a desire outcome. Promotion informs, persuades, or reminds customers about a business
and/or its products through methods such as advertising, publicity, and sales promotion.
SOURCE: MK:002
SOURCE: LAP-MK-001—Work the Big Seven (Marketing Functions)
54. D
Yes, changes in the marketplace require changes in marketing strategy. Changes such as price
increases, new competition, or an increase in operating expenses require that businesses have flexible
strategies. A responsible business operation will be prepared to redesign its strategies as needed.
SOURCE: MP:001
SOURCE: LAP-MP-002—Pick the Mix (Nature of Marketing Strategies)
55. C
Reach goals and satisfy customers. When businesses identify their target markets, they can plan their
marketing activities in such a way that they can satisfy customers at the same time they are meeting their
own goals. Mass marketing, rather than target marketing, tries to appeal to all consumers. Market
segmentation increases the costs of production, but it has benefited both large and small companies by
making the most efficient use of resources. The improvement of marketing-research methods does not
depend on knowing a target market.
SOURCE: MP:003
SOURCE: LAP-MP-003—Have We Met? (Market Identification)
56. A
A specific geographic area. Sales forecasts are defined as predictions of what a firm's sales will be
during a specific future time period using a certain marketing plan. In addition to being able to predict
sales for a specific geographic area, businesses can forecast sales for a specific product, an entire line of
products, a target market, and the firm's total market. The jury of executive (expert) opinion is a
qualitative method of forecasting sales in which the executives of a company are asked to assess
projected sales. A situation analysis is the determination of a firm's current business situation and the
direction in which the business is headed. Marginal utility is defined as the increase in total usefulness
that can be obtained by consuming or purchasing one additional unit of a product.
SOURCE: MP:013
SOURCE: LAP-MP-005—Futurecast (The Nature of Sales Forecasts)

Test 1182

MARKETING CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

23

57. A
Factual information. Facts contain true data or information. Microsoft has multiple sources of
documentation that indicates it generated $51.12 billion in revenue in 2007, which makes the statement a
fact. It is important for companies to verify facts when they are making business decisions. Basing
decisions on incorrect information can be very costly to a company. Unwarranted criticism is
inappropriate, biased, or exaggerated feedback. Inconclusive evidence means that the presented facts
do not indicate a distinct or unquestionable outcome of a situation. The amount of money Microsoft
generated occurred a few years ago; therefore, the statement does not contain current data.
SOURCE: NF:077
SOURCE: Gunsch, J., Gilchrist, J., & Harris, B. (2018, September 7). What is the difference between
fact and opinion? Retrieved September 10, 2018, from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-thedifference-between-fact-and-opinion.htm
58. A
Were written by authors who are reputable. When evaluating a source, it's important to make sure that
the author is reputable, credible, and respected. Sources that are emotional instead of objective should
be avoided. Propaganda is not considered a reputable source. Sources that are no more than 20 years
old may or may not be reliable, depending on the subject.
SOURCE: NF:079
SOURCE: Purdue Online Writing Lab. (1995-2018). Evaluation during reading. Retrieved September
10, 2018, from
https://owl.purdue.edu/owl/research_and_citation/conducting_research/evaluating_sources_
of_information/evaluation_during_reading.html
59. B
Employees are sometimes able to do their work from home. The nature of work has changed due to the
increase in telecommuting (working from home or a remote location) opportunities. The Internet and
remote networking give many employees the ability to do their jobs without ever stepping foot into the
office. Technology has actually helped productivity increase, not decrease, and costs are lower.
Technology makes entering new and foreign markets easier. The nature of marketing has changed
because of technological innovations.
SOURCE: NF:003
SOURCE: LAP-NF-004—TECH-tastic (Technology's Impact on Business)
60. B
Operating system. The operating system manages the hardware and software and makes the computer
work. The system connects the software to the hardware and controls the overall operation of the
computer. The set of computer programs that manages the hardware and software of a computer is not
the digital connection, the transfer protocol, or the electronic resource.
SOURCE: NF:085
SOURCE: Goodwill Community Foundation, Inc. (1998-2018). What is an operating system? Retrieved
September 10, 2018, from https://edu.gcfglobal.org/en/computerbasics/understandingoperating-systems/1/
61. D
Key points. Employees use presentation software to develop computer-operated visual aids that support
an oral presentation. Slides for the presentation should include key points that highlight or reinforce the
most important information, which may or may not include numerical data. Colorful graphics and creative
transitions often make a presentation more interesting, but they are not necessary elements for each
slide.
SOURCE: NF:008
SOURCE: Phillips, D.J.P. (2014, April 14). How to avoid death by PowerPoint [Video]. Retrieved
September 10, 2018, from https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iwpi1Lm6dFo

Test 1182

MARKETING CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

24

62. B
Domain name. The domain name that Dmitri registers will be the unique address of his new website. A
web host allows a website owner to make his/her site accessible via the Internet. A site-builder is a
program including templates and software to create the layout and design of a website. Web addresses
are usually picked based on a company name or other important identifier, rather than the company's
street address.
SOURCE: NF:042
SOURCE: The Grue. (2015, November 5). How to create a website—a simple guide for beginners.
Retrieved September 10, 2018, from http://thegrue.org/how-to-create-a-website/
63. C
Visual representation. Once data has been mined, it is helpful to view it in a visual format so that it can be
better understood. Visual tools are more easily understood than spreadsheets. Databases are the
systems in which the information is stored. Clustering is a way to analyze data, but it does not
necessarily aid in interpretation of data.
SOURCE: NF:152
SOURCE: Greiner, L. (2011, January 7). What is data analysis and data mining? Retrieved September
10, 2018, from http://www.dbta.com/Editorial/Trends-and-Applications/What-is-DataAnalysis-and-Data-Mining-73503.aspx
64. A
Day-to-day activities. Operations management is the process of planning, controlling, and monitoring the
day-to-day activities required for the company to function. This includes obtaining and allocating the
appropriate type and amount of resources to do the work, such as employees, equipment, and supplies.
Strategic management involves determining, monitoring, and managing long-term goals for the company.
Communication is the exchange of information, which is necessary in the workplace to complete a wide
range of internal and external business activities.
SOURCE: OP:189
SOURCE: LAP-OP-189—Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations)
65. C
Contact the copier's manufacturer, dealer, or servicer to learn about options for removing or overwriting
the copier's hard drive. Different manufacturers offer different services for the removal and protection of
hard drives; some may remove it and return it to you to keep or overwrite on your own, while others may
remove and overwrite the hard drive for you for an additional fee. Removing a hard drive on your own is
risky—it often requires special equipment and software, and it can be difficult to locate the drive. It is
better to work with a skilled technician who is trained for the task. You should always take some action
toward protecting the information stored on your copier—you should not leave such an important process
in the hands of the manufacturer who does not know your company's wishes. Communicate with them to
find out exactly what you need, or don't need, to do. Simply deleting files on a hard drive is not always
permanent. Files can be retrieved or restored through other software, so it is important that you take
further action such as overwriting the hard drive.
SOURCE: OP:064
SOURCE: Federal Trade Commission. (2017, July). Digital copier data security: A guide for businesses.
Retrieved September 10, 2018, from https://www.ftc.gov/tips-advice/businesscenter/guidance/digital-copier-data-security-guide-businesses
66. B
Bodily injuries are decreased. A safe workplace reduces the possibility of additional financial expense
and bodily injury. Because employees miss fewer workdays, productivity is increased. Insurance claims
are increased when a workplace is considered risky because of a high rate of worker accidents or
injuries.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: Leonard, K. (2018, June 30). Importance of workplace health and safety. Retrieved
September 10, 2018, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/importance-workplace-healthsafety-4973.html

Test 1182

MARKETING CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

25

67. A
Project charter. A project is officially authorized to begin by the project charter, an official document that
is similar to (but more formal than) the statement of work. Registration documents and Initiation Papers
are not common documents used in project management.
SOURCE: OP:158
SOURCE: LAP-OP-158—Projected To Win (Nature of Project Management)
68. C
Needed skills. You know you need people to work on a project. Before you can identify the right people,
you need to decide what skills are needed. For example, do you need people to use hand tools or lift
heavy boxes? Once you determine the needed skills, you can select people who have those skills and
are willing to participate. Tangible resources are the supplies, equipment, and materials needed to
complete a project as well as the physical facilities that might be needed.
SOURCE: OP:003
SOURCE: LAP-OP-531—Get What You Need (Identifying Project Resources)
69. D
Inputs. Inputs are all of the economic resources used in producing goods and services. Inputs are
human, natural, and capital resources. In order to produce the contract, Superior Office needs workers,
equipment to sell, and the means to deliver the product to the schools. Supplies are industrial goods
used in the operation of a business. Outputs are the goods and services produced as the result of
combining inputs. Products are goods and services.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: LAP-OP-017—Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
70. A
Concurrent engineering. Concurrent engineering is a quality-control method in which product design and
development are performed simultaneously. This saves time and allows potential problems or flaws to be
caught earlier in the process. House of quality matrix is a quality-control tool that helps managers to
determine if a product meets customer needs or not. Lean production focuses on maximizing customer
value while minimizing waste. A Pareto chart is a type of bar graph that helps identify which problems
need to be addressed first.
SOURCE: OP:163
SOURCE: LAP-OP-008—Take Control (Quality-Control Measures)
71. C
Helps you understand yourself. Goal setting helps you understand yourself, and understanding yourself
helps you understand other people. Goal setting helps you stay on task, raises your level of self-esteem,
and gives you a way to measure your progress, but these benefits do not necessarily help you in your
relationships.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: LAP-PD-016—Go for the Goal (Goal Setting)
72. B
Fair treatment. Although regulation varies by country, labor laws are designed to protect workers from
unfair labor and wage practices. By instituting a law that requires all businesses to give all employees a
break from their duties, the law is requiring that each employee receive the same or fair treatment.
Workplace supervision refers to the direction an employee receives to perform certain work-related tasks.
Laws related to employee breaks do not affect the workers' rights to form unions. Harassment in the
workplace generally refers to gender and race discrimination issues.
SOURCE: PD:021
SOURCE: FindLaw. (2018). Employees rights 101. Retrieved September 10, 2018, from
https://employment.findlaw.com/employment-discrimination/employees-rights-101.html

Test 1182

MARKETING CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

26

73. D
Mention any mutual contacts you have. If you can, you should name someone you and the reader of your
application letter both know. Of course, this isn't always possible, but it's a great way to get attention.
Your letter should not be more than a page long. You shouldn't repeat everything that's on your résumé;
your letter of application is intended to tell the reader things that aren't necessarily on the résumé. You
should always proofread carefully, not quickly. Your letter of application is often the first impression a
company gets of you, so you want it to be perfect.
SOURCE: PD:030
SOURCE: Adams, Susan. (2011). How to write a cover letter. Retrieved on September 10, 2018, from
http://www.forbes.com/sites/susanadams/2011/03/24/how-to-write-a-cover-letter/
74. A
Build positive relationships with other individuals and businesses. Ethical standards are guidelines for
behavior. Because personal ethics among people vary, some industries develop ethical standards so that
each person working in the industry knows what is acceptable and not acceptable behavior in the
profession. Businesses and employees who follow these standards demonstrate integrity and build trust
with customers, other organizations, and community members. The primary purpose of following ethical
standards in marketing is not to remove competition from the marketplace, improve working conditions
and financial security, or prevent changes in the business environment.
SOURCE: PD:137
SOURCE: Hill, B. (2018, June 29). The advantages of ethical behavior in business. Retrieved
September 10, 2018, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/advantages-ethical-behaviorbusiness-21067.html
75. B
Find solutions for common problems. A trade association's members can collectively find solutions to
common problems that they might have difficulty handling as individuals. The members also can share
their knowledge and work together to increase the profitability of all members' businesses. Trade
associations are formed and disbanded according to the changing needs of the members. Some trade
associations may promote goodwill or educate consumers, but those are not basic purposes of their
formation.
SOURCE: PD:036
SOURCE: Meyer, P. (2018, March 1). Why do people and companies join trade associations?
Retrieved September 10, 2018, from https://www.comptia.org/aboutus/newsroom/blog/comptia-blog/2018/03/01/why-do-people-and-companies-join-tradeassociations
76. C
Written warning. A written warning includes details about your infraction and information about any future
consequences that you could receive if the offense is repeated. It is commonly used as a consequence
when someone has violated a rule of conduct. Promotions are not consequences and would not be the
response to a rule violation. Increased compensation is also not a consequence and would not be the
response to a rule violation. Criminal charges can occur when a rule violation crosses the line into
illegality, but they are not a common consequence. Rather, they happen in rare, extreme cases.
SOURCE: PD:251
SOURCE: LAP-PD-251—Know the Code (Following Rules of Conduct)
77. B
Advertising budget. Companies that sell low-priced items will not have as large an advertising budget as
companies with higher priced items. Place decisions, including consideration of transportation channels
and market location, as well as product decisions, such as selection of production materials, are not
areas of promotion.
SOURCE: PI:001
SOURCE: LAP-PI-002—The Price Is Right (Nature of Pricing)

Test 1182

MARKETING CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

27

78. B
A pharmaceutical company sells a common lifesaving drug at extremely high prices in specific
geographical regions. Social responsibility is defined as the duty of business to contribute to the wellbeing of society. Because the drug is common and has the capacity to save lives, an unethical issue is
possible if the drug is sold at prices so high that some people can afford the drug while others cannot,
which might be considered price discrimination. An oil company that substantially increases its gasoline
prices when the workers at a large refinery go on strike does not necessarily present an unethical issue
since the refinery lacks human resources to supply enough of the product to meet demand. A
manufacturing company that increases prices on certain items to cover expenses to add new pollutioncontrol devices is acting in an ethical manner and employing social responsibility to the natural
environment. A clothing retailer that deeply discounts goods in an effort to reduce excess inventory from
the previous selling season is not conducting socially irresponsible activities.
SOURCE: PI:015
SOURCE: Jiranek, J. (2017, February 20). Who watches the watchmen: The ethics of drug price
inflation. Retrieved September 10, 2018, from
https://pjb.mycpanel2.princeton.edu/wp/index.php/2017/02/20/who-watches-the-watchmenthe-ethics-of-drug-price-inflation/
79. A
Introduce new products from time to time. A certain percent of all industry profits come from successful
new products. Product/Service management lets the business know what funds will be needed for
research, testing, modifying, and producing products. Inadequate product/service management can result
in product/service mistakes that may cost the company a large sum of money. Marketers do not allow
products to move through the product life cycle; products do that naturally. Venture teams are small
groups composed of representatives from different areas of a company for the purpose of seeking new
ventures, or opportunities, for the business. They are usually used by large businesses. Not all products
need to be test-marketed because it is costly, delays entry into the full market, may not give an accurate
picture of performance, provides no guarantee of actual success, and the idea may be stolen by
competitors while it is being tested.
SOURCE: PM:001
SOURCE: LAP-PM-017—Rapping Up Products (Nature of Product/Service Management)
80. B
Improving performance. Advances in technology that have allowed for the development of new materials
and operating techniques are helping businesses improve the performance of their products. By
improving existing products, businesses are able to keep them on the market and extend their life cycle.
Businesses have found that it is usually less expensive to update existing products than to develop
entirely new products. Advances in technology are allowing businesses to do this. Advances in
technology do not help businesses keep existing products on the market by minimizing inventory,
attracting attention, or demonstrating creativity.
SOURCE: PM:039
SOURCE: Create Capture Connect. (2014, January 31). 5 tips to extend the product life cycle.
Retrieved September 10, 2018, from http://createcaptureconnect.com/product-creation/5tips-extend-product-life-cycle/
81. C
Forced analogies. A forced analogy is a synectics technique that compares a problem with something
totally unrelated. Arbitrary metaphors, discretionary comparisons, and deliberate allegories are not terms
widely used to describe a synectics creative-thinking method.
SOURCE: PM:127
SOURCE: LAP-PM-127—Unleash Your Mind (Techniques for Generating Product Ideas)
82. C
Customers. Companies often rely on input and feedback from customers to generate new product ideas.
In this example, the restaurant gets feedback from customers and decides to introduce new menu items
based on that feedback. This is not an example of brainstorming, observation, or trend research.
SOURCE: PM:128
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [p.
314]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.

Test 1182

MARKETING CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

28

83. B
To reduce costs. Businesses want to meet quality standards to reduce costs. Managers have recognized
that if employees do their jobs right the first time, they can minimize costs. Time isn't wasted redoing
work, and fewer products end up as scrap. Time standards relate to how long it takes to get a job done.
Quantity standards specify how much work must be done. Managers use standards to increase, rather
than decrease, profit.
SOURCE: PM:019
SOURCE: LAP-PM-008—Raise the Bar (Grades and Standards)
84. A
Arbitration. When two parties engage in a dispute that they are unlikely to resolve on their own, an
impartial third party may step in. The impartial third party, called an arbitrator, hears both sides'
arguments, studies the facts of the case, and then determines a remedy for the situation. This process is
called arbitration. The Arbitron Ratings Company uses consumer-generated data to analyze radio
advertising. Attrition is a natural reduction in numbers of people due to death, retirement, job changes,
etc. Automation is a production method in which machines do tasks automatically.
SOURCE: PM:017
SOURCE: LAP-PM-007—Protect and Serve (Consumer Protection)
85. D
Product-bundling. Product bundling is the practice of putting together a number of goods/services to
create a one-price package. Bundled products are priced so that the consumer pays less for the bundled
products than they would pay for products if the consumer purchased each product individually. The
advantages to businesses that bundle products include inventory reduction for slow-moving goods, sales
increases, and lower new product-introduction costs. Stock-turn, dual-sponsorships, and capitalinvestment are not techniques that provide businesses with the described advantages.
SOURCE: PM:041
SOURCE: Lloyd, C.S. (2016, April 18). Advantages of product bundle sales. Retrieved September 10,
2018, from https://www.homecaremag.com/operations-marketing/april-2016/advantagesproduct-bundle-sales
86. B
National. National brands are those for which the manufacturer assumes all the responsibility of
branding. They are also called manufacturers' brands. Private brands are owned by middlemen.
Generics are unbranded items that are plainly packaged, have standard or lower quality, are sold at
lower prices than branded products, and receive little or no promotion. All of the brands listed are
protected by trademark laws.
SOURCE: PM:021
SOURCE: LAP-PM-006—It's a Brand, Brand, Brand World! (Nature of Product Branding)
87. D
Distributor. Distributor brands are owned by the retailer or wholesaler that sells the brands, rather than
the manufacturer. Store brands and private brands are two types of distributor brands. Corporate brands
are all the combined customer impressions and experiences associated with a particular company. Value
and business brands are not terms typically used to refer to distributor brands.
SOURCE: PM:206
SOURCE: LAP-PM-020—Corporate Identity (Nature of Corporate Branding)
88. D
Promotion. Promotion is communicating information about goods, services, images, and/or ideas to
achieve a desired outcome. The four basic types of promotion are advertising, sales promotion, personal
selling, and publicity. Product promotion is used to convince customers to buy certain products.
Institutional promotion is used to create a favorable image for a business. Advertising media are the
agencies, means, or instruments used to convey messages.
SOURCE: PR:001
SOURCE: LAP-PR-002—Razzle Dazzle (Nature of Promotion)

Test 1182

MARKETING CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

29

89. C
Product. Product promotion aims to persuade consumers to buy a good or service. Coca-Cola is
promoting its soft drink. Coca-Cola is not promoting the specific company. Service and taste are not
types of promotion.
SOURCE: PR:002
SOURCE: LAP-PR-004—Know Your Options (Product and Institutional Promotion)
90. A
Viewers must interact with a video ad before continuing to a website. One of the biggest challenges
facing any advertisement is engagement—keeping the viewers' attention and making sure they are
receiving the message. It is easy for viewers to ignore video ads, either digital or traditional, but if they
are forced to interact with the ad in some way, they are more likely to pay attention to the ad and take in
its message. Ad-blocking software is a disadvantage to digital advertising, rather than an advantage.
Conversion rates are easier to measure online than in print. Finally, digital ads are generally cheaper
than television advertisements.
SOURCE: PR:100
SOURCE: Kurtz, D. (2013). Contemporary marketing: 2013 edition (pp. 516, 534). Mason, OH: SouthWestern, Cengage Learning.
91. D
Governmental restrictions in regard to promotional activities vary by country. Because each government
is structured differently, regulation varies from country to country. Consumer advocate groups are
organizations that work to influence industry and government policies on behalf of the consumer.
Consumer advocate groups often influence government regulation and policies. Because laws vary by
country, it would be difficult to develop and fully enforce international laws regarding unfair advertising
practices. The ability to sue a company is dependent on the individual country's laws and policies. Many
promotional activities are subject to regulation, including media venues (television, radio, print);
telemarketing; contests; and sweepstakes.
SOURCE: PR:101
SOURCE: Wakeman, O. (2016, October 26). What is considered illegal marketing in other countries?
Retrieved September 10, 2018, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/considered-illegalmarketing-other-countries-73863.html
92. B
Billboards. Billboards are a form of outdoor media. They are often located on the business's property or
quite close to it. Other advantages of outdoor media include their ability to reach people who are on the
move, low cost per exposure, high repeat exposure, and flexibility. Television, newspapers, and direct
mail can provide consumers with the same promotional message, but the message may be seen or
heard at some distance from the business that is being promoted.
SOURCE: PR:007
SOURCE: LAP-PR-003—Ad-Quipping Your Business (Types of Advertising Media)
93. A
Word-of-mouth communication. This is promotion and publicity for a business provided by customers
who tell others of their satisfaction with the business. Therefore, customers recommending the business
to their friends is an example of word-of-mouth communication. In many cases, these recommendations
lead to additional sales because people tend to believe their friends and take their advice. A testimonial is
a statement by an identified user of a product proclaiming the benefits received from the use of the
product. Verbal assertiveness is a confident attitude that involves the use of words. Recommending a
business to friends is not an example of one-on-one selling.
SOURCE: PR:247
SOURCE: Mosley, M. (2017, June 25). Why is word of mouth marketing so important? Retrieved
September 10, 2018, from https://www.socialmediatoday.com/marketing/why-word-mouthmarketing-so-important

Test 1182

MARKETING CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

30

94. B
Management. Some businesses maintain a public relations department while others use the services of a
public relations agency. One of the functions of the department or agency is to advise management on
public relations issues, such as taking a position on public issues or preparing business employees to
make public appearances. Giving advice is a public relations activity intended to help management make
the best decisions regarding the business's relations with the public. An important public relations activity
in business does not involve giving public relations advice to the media, the government, or the public.
SOURCE: PR:252
SOURCE: Inc. (2018, May 5). Public relations. Retrieved September 10, 2018, from
https://www.inc.com/encyclopedia/public-relations.html
95. B
Financial resources. Selling policies are the guidelines for selling activities that involve interaction with
customers or potential customers. Many factors affect how a business structures its selling policies. An
internal factor that affects a business's selling policies is its financial resources—the sources of money
(e.g., sales, dividends) a business has. Generally, the more money that a business has, the more flexible
it can be with its selling policies. For example, a business that has access to a lot of money can buy more
inventory, take advantage of bulk discounts, and pass the savings on to the customer. Having sufficient
financial resources often allows the business to extend credit options to customers. Competitors,
customers' wants, and government regulations are external factors that affect a business's selling
policies.
SOURCE: SE:932
SOURCE: LAP-SE-121—Sell Right (Selling Policies)
96. B
Buyers avoid doing business with unethical salespeople. Unethical salespeople often lose customers and
create a negative image of their company. Making erroneous statements about competitors or bending
the truth to make a sale are typical examples of unethical sales practices. Sales managers must monitor
the practices of their sales staff because they are ultimately responsible for the actions and claims of their
staff.
SOURCE: SE:106
SOURCE: LAP-SE-129—Keep It Real—In Sales (Legal and Ethical Considerations in Selling)
97. B
Texture. A lot of information is found by examining the product itself. A salesperson can determine a
product's texture by holding and touching the item. Through careful examination and observation, a
salesperson should be able to acquire product knowledge about any item. Information about price, care,
and value cannot always be obtained by examining a product.
SOURCE: SE:062
SOURCE: LAP-SE-131—Get Informed (Acquiring Product Information for Use in Selling)
98. D
"Because the manufacturer uses high-grade materials to produce this item, its quality is superior." To
influence the customer's buying decision, the salesperson must describe the product features and
benefits to the customer. One feature that the salesperson might describe is the product's construction.
This involves telling the customer about the materials and processes used to make the product. This
technique is often used to emphasize the product's high quality. A salesperson describing the product's
finishes and colors is pointing out features about appearance and style. If a customer can use the
product in many ways, the salesperson is emphasizing the product's uses. Pointing out the length of time
that past customers have owned and used the product is emphasizing the item's durability.
SOURCE: SE:109
SOURCE: LAP-SE-113—Find Features, Boost Benefits (Feature-Benefit Selling)

Test 1182

MARKETING CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

31

99. B
Reaching closure. Reaching closure involves identifying customer objections and completing the
transaction. In this case, Dana is closing the sale by discussing the transaction. Discovering client needs
involves asking the customer questions in order to determine what they are looking for. Establishing
relationships involves the initial contact the salesperson has with the customer. Prescribing solutions to
needs involves the salesperson offering solutions to satisfy the customers' needs.
SOURCE: SE:048
SOURCE: LAP-SE-048—Set Your Sales (The Selling Process)
100. B
Vertical staff members. Vertical staff members refers to all employees who are not in management.
Ticket takers, security guards, guest relations representatives, and merchandise sales personnel are
examples of employees who might provide insight when conducting risk assessment. For example, sales
personnel can provide information regarding shoplifting and its risks. By gathering as much information
as possible from staff members, sport/event organizations can conduct comprehensive risk assessments
in many areas and develop appropriate procedures to handle each situation or issue. Public relations
agencies are hired by a business to develop and manage public relations activities for the business.
Financial consultants are hired by a business to manage the business's financial matters. Local
personnel inspector is not a term widely used by sport/event organizations.
SOURCE: SM:076
SOURCE: Fit for Work. (2017, March 13). Risk assessment. Retrieved September 10, 2018, from
https://fitforwork.org/blog/risk-assessment/

