1. Deion is part of the shipping and receiving department for a retail store. He and his colleagues get along well, as they take lunch together every day and sometimes go to dinner after work. Deion and his colleagues are considered a(n)
A. committee.
B. collectivist society.
C. subculture.
D. organizational culture.

2. Naomi uses quality market research methods, is open about those methods, and backs up the research with transparent, objective analysis. Naomi is establishing
A. privacy.
B. competition.
C. credibility.
D. adaptability.

3. Which of the following is an example of qualitative data:
A. Time logs
B. Test grades
C. Interviews
D. Sales projections

4. Marketers that use good marketing research methods
A. avoid use of the scientific method.
B. consider the cost and value of market research.
C. leave no room for creativity.
D. use a single method for collecting data.

5. Equipment, supplies, and time are examples of
A. scope.
B. algorithms.
C. resources.
D. principles.

6. In their communications, a public-relations (PR) specialist emphasizes the company’s credibility and trustworthy reputation. This messaging is likely most important for the company’s
A. investors.
B. competitors.
C. owners.
D. employees.

7. Which of the following is an external factor that a business cannot control:
A. Price changes
B. Inventory changes
C. Population changes
D. Distribution changes

8. McKenzie purchases insurance that will cover repairs for her home in the event of a disaster or occurrence that damages it. McKenzie has purchased __________ coverage.
A. dwelling
B. personal liability
C. personal property
D. loss of use

9. Leo receives a call from a telemarketer claiming to be a researcher conducting a poll. In reality, the telemarketer is attempting to solicit a donation rather than conducting a research poll. This is an example of
A. frugging.
B. sugging.
C. bargaining.
D. advertising.

10. What is one of the most common forms of stealth marketing?
A. Product placement
B. Social media advertising
C. Personal selling
D. Direct mail

11. Which of the following is a best practice of questionnaire design:
A. Ask the more important items earlier
B. Ask about multiple ideas at a time
C. Phrase questions using negative language
D. Place sensitive items early in a questionnaire

12. Which of the following is the first step of the marketing planning process:
A. Writing the plan and strategy
B. Implementing and managing your plan
C. Assessing your current situation
D. Setting objectives and goals

13. Which of the following is a way in which channel management leads to successful marketing:
A. It limits the ability to adjust marketing campaigns.
B. It eliminates the production of poor-quality products.
C. It helps businesses reach their target audience.
D. It prevents marketers from controlling their messages.

14. Which of the following is an example of an estimate:
A. About a third of a business’s employees work remotely.
B. Costs will be up 20% next year.
C. Sales were down 5% last quarter.
D. All employees are enrolled in health insurance.

15. Cosmopolitan, Rolling Stone, and Sports Illustrated are examples of
A. consumer magazines.
B. tabloid newspapers.
C. community newspapers.
D. business magazines.

16. Key details and characteristics of an organization or company are called __________ data.
A. firmographic
B. geographic
C. topographic
D. demographic

17. A large retailer and a small retailer in the same territory are in a dispute over the price of a product they both sell. This is an example of what type of conflict?
A. Emotional
B. Vertical
C. Horizontal
D. Internal

18. Which of the following sources of information is most likely to help salespeople learn more about their competition:
A. Sales representatives
B. Manufacturers
C. Trade exhibitions
D. Customers

19. Abdoulaye wants to promote his new storefront. He recruits some of his friends to go around the local community and spread the word about his new business. This is an example of
A. paradigm innovation
B. exploratory research.
C. lending investments.
D. grassroots marketing.

20. Matilda creates a survey with a zero to 10 scale for evaluating how likely customers are to recommend her business to their friends. She’s employing which of the following techniques to gather customer voice data:
A. Recorded call data
B. Live chat
C. Net promoter score
D. Focus groups

21. Which of the following is an example of a business developing products or services in response to trends:
A. A restaurant offering gluten-free, low-carb, and vegetarian options
B. A toy agency tweaking its products based on its competitor's limitations
C. A cell phone company changing its product based on an online survey
D. A cleaning company altering its services due to customer complaints

22. When shipping goods internationally, businesses can avoid penalties and fines by being aware of
A. extreme weather.
B. accounting standards.
C. export regulations.
D. the global stock market.

23. Institutional promotion is sometimes criticized because it is
A. expensive and difficult to measure.
B. expensive yet easily measurable.
C. inexpensive yet difficult to measure.
D. inexpensive and easily measurable.

24. When setting his company’s prices, Beau thinks about the quality of materials used in production. Beau is considering how price affects what element of the marketing mix?
A. Promotion
B. Pricing objectives
C. Product
D. Place

25. Brooke, a salesperson, recently sold a dishwasher to a customer. Weeks after the purchase, Brooke reaches out to the customer to confirm they had a successful installation. As a result, Brooke builds client loyalty by
A. prospecting.
B. presenting.
C. following up.
D. preparing.

26. Questions like “What makes this brand special?” and “What are its benefits?” are often asked by marketers during
A. co-branding.
B. brand licensing.
C. brand extension.
D. brand positioning.

27. To best respond to the many disruptions a supply chain might face, supply chain teams must work to improve their
A. marketing.
B. collaboration.
C. insurance offering.
D. hiring practices.

28. Employees who prefer to act independently and devise their own solutions will adapt more easily to which of the following management styles:
A. Authoritarian
B. Democratic
C. Republican
D. Laissez-faire

29. Which of the following is an example of a seller’s market:
A. There are many vacant houses in a new neighborhood.
B. A caterer made too many cupcakes for a wedding.
C. When gas prices rise, people still purchase the same amount.
D. People will pay hundreds above face value for concert tickets.

30. Information technology and information systems are similar, except the latter includes an emphasis on
A. coding languages.
B. global trends.
C. the people involved.
D. artificial intelligence.

31. A customer scrolls through a company’s Instagram page. This is an example of
A. brand value.
B. ethical behavior.
C. a touchpoint.
D. an emotional motive.

32. Which of the following is most likely a source of primary marketing data:
A. Former employees
B. Sales invoices
C. Industry reports
D. Government reports

33. While shopping for a new smartphone, Rashid is told that he cannot buy a specific brand of smartphone unless he also purchases a smartwatch from that same brand. This is an example of
A. an exclusive territory.
B. a monopoly.
C. exclusive dealing.
D. a tying agreement.

34. A brand uses Serena Williams to advertise its tennis rackets. This is an example of
A. repositioning.
B. benefits.
C. endorsement.
D. competitive advantage.

35. Which of the following is an example of an external factor impacting a business’s selling policies:
A. Customer wants and needs
B. Research and development efforts
C. Corporate goals and objectives
D. Production capacity

36. Green Apron, a meal delivery service, only sells its preportioned recipe ingredients as a kit. This is an example of what product bundling strategy?
A. Pure bundling
B. Cross-sell bundling
C. New product bundling
D. Gift bundling

37. Exploratory research is often conducted to
A. make specific predictions.
B. clarify concepts.
C. perform clinical trials.
D. test-market a product.

38. Wren and Jamil are working together on a project. They decide to split up the work: Jamil is detail-oriented, so he does the research and creates the slideshow, while Wren, who is charismatic and outgoing, plans and delivers the presentation to the class. Because each team member focused on their area of expertise, they end up receiving an ‘A’ on their project. This is an example of what benefit of working in teams?
A. Shared accountability
B. Exposure to varied skills and talents
C. Social contact
D. More creativity and innovation

39. Which of the following is an advantage of using an automated pricing system:
A. It can lead to an over-dependency on automated systems.
B. It will completely eliminate the need for staff members.
C. It takes time for employees to become accustomed to it.
D. It can simplify and speed up quoting to customers.

40. Aidan is deciding on what he wants to major in once he goes to college. This is an example of a(n) __________ decision.
A. routine
B. limited
C. simple
D. extensive

41. Understanding that customers don’t just buy products, they buy what the product can do for them is a foundational concept illustrated by __________ selling.
A. idea
B. feature-benefit
C. suggestion
D. personal

42. Which of the following is a one-way public relations activity:
A. Social media
B. Media tour
C. Press release
D. Press conference

43. Andy's Goods is a business that buys consumer goods and sells them to ultimate consumers at its storefront. In this scenario, Andy's Goods is a
A. wholesaler.
B. industrial user.
C. retailer.
D. producer.

44. Which of the following is an example of fairness in marketing:
A. A company is open to the public about its procedures and operations.
B. An organization makes an effort to give back to the community.
C. A company commits to offering competitive wages for its employees.
D. A business advertises without attempting to mislead customers.

45. Which of the following statements regarding cash flow is true:
A. Businesses that make a profit do not experience cash-flow problems.
B. For a business to make a profit, money must flow out of the business.
C. Cash flow is calculated by dividing total cash paid out by total cash receipts.
D. Once established, sales are usually the primary source of cash flowing into a business.

46. Which of the following are responsibilities of individuals who work in public relations:
A. Channel management and marketing-information management
B. Answering customer questions and resolving complaints
C. Creating new products and determining pricing
D. Writing press releases and running press conferences

47. Which of the following statements best represents time management:
A. It is how people use the 24 hours in their day.
B. It is how people control time.
C. It requires a lot of extra work.
D. It focuses only on short-term goals.

48. Basic research is different than applied research in that basic research
A. looks to discover new information.
B. aims to solve a problem.
C. is more practical in nature.
D. is curiosity-driven.

49. Cherry Blossom Electronics designs its products to become unusable before they should reasonably need replacement. This is an example of which of the following:
A. Planned obsolescence
B. Product life cycle
C. Dishonest marketing
D. Voluntary recall

50. A good example of a vision is __________, while __________ is a goal.
A. shortening customer wait time; being known for outstanding customer service
B. being the leader in your industry; adding a new product this year
C. increasing sales; increasing sales by 5%.
D. losing ten pounds; eating healthier foods
51. Which of the following would receive the most utility from a lawn mower:
A. Movie theater
B. Clothing retailer
C. Furniture store
D. Landscaping business

52. An organization's mission statement is typically included in what section of a marketing plan?
A. Desired target market
B. Executive summary
C. Financial plans
D. Situational analysis

53. Marketing a product through phone calls or emails would be considered __________ marketing.
A. indirect
B. direct
C. permission-based
D. relationship

54. Logan wants to make a grocery list for her trip to the store tomorrow. Which of the following productivity apps on her phone should she use:
A. Address book
B. Calculator
C. Calendar
D. Notes

55. After completing a sale, Marsha always sends a brief online survey to ask the customer about their experience. This is an example of which of the following customer service strategies:
A. Offering discounts
B. Soliciting feedback
C. Having a good attitude
D. Being prompt

56. Which of the following is most likely to incorporate digital technology in promotion:
A. Printed media
B. Billboards
C. Social media
D. Direct mail

57. Which of the following statements best represents the customers that make up a market:
A. They need but do not want the good or service.
B. They don't have the resources to make a purchase.
C. They must be financially able and willing to spend.
D. They have fulfilled their desires.

58. Which of the following is a way in which technology benefits channel management:
A. Longer delivery times
B. Less transparency
C. Decreased efficiency
D. Better customer service

59. Consistent use of design across advertising media helps
A. increase return on investment.
B. promote brand identity.
C. improve company morale.
D. recruit new employees.

60. The main role of information technology in marketing management is to
A. send promotional emails to customers.
B. improve employee turnover rate.
C. ensure the creation of quality products.
D. help gather data about customers.

61. Which of the following is a potential work-related consequence of social media use:
A. Workplace injuries
B. Loss of privacy
C. Ambush marketing
D. Burnout at work

62. Which of the following is a potential disadvantage of price controls:
A. They eliminate supply shortages but can lead to illegal markets.
B. They prevent producers from price gouging.
C. They keep companies from developing monopolies.
D. They often lead to an imbalance of supply and demand.

63. To maximize efficiency, Murray assigns his employees specific roles and asks them to become experts in that role. This is an example of
A. job specialization.
B. market segmentation.
C. unity of command.
D. the scalar principle.

64. Which of the following questions would be most useful for generating product/business ideas:
A. Do you like this project?
B. Where can we cut corners?
C. What problem are we solving?
D. Who is responsible for this project?

65. Which of the following accurately describes customer touchpoints:
A. They occur at any stage in the customer journey.
B. They lower a company’s just-in-time inventory.
C. They increase a company’s turnover rate.
D. They occur after a customer’s purchase.

66. When facilitating a group discussion, you should focus on providing __________, rather than __________.
A. printed materials; digital resources
B. food; beverages
C. specific directions; vague instructions
D. questions; answers

67. When collaborating on a shared document, it’s helpful for teams to use __________ to achieve a consistent voice.
A. a style guide
B. a typing assistant
C. presentation software
D. cultural norms

68. A bank partners with Amazon.com to create an Amazon Rewards credit card. This is an example of what type of marketing?
A. Affinity
B. Test
C. Ambush
D. Email

69. Which of the following statements about a situation analysis is true:
A. It allows a business to assess its competitors.
B. It helps with administering employee benefits.
C. It evaluates threats rather than opportunities.
D. It examines internal factors rather than external factors.

70. Which of the following is one of the primary purposes of public relations (PR):
A. Identify investment opportunities
B. Keep financial records
C. Improve an organization’s reputation
D. Promote new products

71. Which of the following types of innovation is least likely to be noticed by customers:
A. Periodic
B. Purchase
C. Product
D. Process

72. Which of the following best represents how ambiguity correlates with complexity:
A. Johnny is in a situation that is too complicated to predict.
B. Pedro is in a situation where there is one right answer.
C. Angela is in a situation she has never been in before.
D. Harper is in a situation without an obvious solution.

73. When Ben’s boss asks him to review an advertisement and pay particular attention to the text set in large type at the top of the ad, he’s really being asked to review the
A. illustration.
B. white space.
C. copy.
D. headline.

74. Walmart stocks products not only from well-known corporate brands but also from its own brands. These brands are owned and sold exclusively by Walmart, which makes them
A. brand extensions.
B. brand cues.
C. distributor brands.
D. co-brands.

75. Express Scripts emphasizes the simplicity of its automatic refill program in its marketing efforts. Express Scripts is utilizing which of the following brand positioning strategies:
A. Price-based
B. Customer service
C. Differentiation
D. Convenience-based

76. Which of the following is typically responsible for determining product grades:
A. Individual businesses
B. Government agencies
C. Consumer groups
D. Research companies

77. Coupons, rebates, and free samples are all examples of
A. acceptance sampling.
B. sales promotions.
C. social media.
D. onboarding.

78. When writing, why is it important to consider your secondary audience in addition to your intended audience?
A. Secondary audiences are more critical of grammatical errors.
B. Published work is more widely available due to modern technology.
C. Even the most harmless written works could cause geopolitical conflict.
D. Your secondary audience will be more familiar with your work.

79. Which of the following statements about projects is true:
A. Projects have a distinct beginning and end.
B. All projects are large and complex.
C. Only large projects require planning.
D. Projects do not have a distinct end.

80. Fiat money is backed by
A. silver.
B. a government.
C. renewable energy.
D. gold.

81. Which of the following is an example of bribery:
A. Jane ran late this morning and didn’t pack a lunch, so her coworker buys her a meal on their lunchbreak.
B. In exchange for helping her meet her sales quota, Jane promises Tim season hockey tickets.
C. Jane’s customer is having trouble deciding on a new car, so she shows him additional models.
D. To help make a sale, Jane asks her customer what information will be most valuable to him.

82. Which of the following best describes the mode when evaluating a data set:
A. The middle value of the data set
B. The value that most frequently occurs
C. The difference between the highest and lowest value
D. The average of the data set

83. Four furniture stores agreeing to charge the same amount for a new couch is an example of
A. price skimming.
B. price fixing.
C. predatory pricing.
D. prestige pricing.

84. Agencies that govern commerce, such as The Federal Trade Commission (FTC), have the power to regulate promotion by enforcing __________ laws.
A. truth-in-advertising
B. food and drug
C. banking
D. insurance

85. Which of the following statements about the chain of command is true:
A. Only large organizations follow a chain of command.
B. Lead employees are often the highest individuals on the chain.
C. Authority in the chain flows from the bottom to the top.
D. It helps employees understand how their organization operates.

86. Which of the following are most likely consequences of a leader abusing their power:
A. Decreased productivity and low turnover
B. Lowered morale and decreased productivity
C. Low turnover and increased salary
D. Increased salary and lowered morale

87. “How can we better promote products that are underperforming in sales?” is an example of a __________ problem.
A. strategy-oriented decision
B. relevant variable
C. unit of analysis
D. discovery-oriented decision

88. RJ’s Snack Emporium uses high-speed digital printing to optimize its production processes. This example illustrates the benefits of technology in
A. lifecycle management.
B. market testing.
C. accounts receivable.
D. product labeling.

89. Toward the end of the fiscal year, a company's earnings are not on track to meet expectations. Because of this, the company ships an excessive amount of inventory to wholesalers and retailers and then books those products as sales. This is an example of
A. slotting allowances.
B. channel stuffing.
C. price discrimination.
D. coercion.

90. Which of the following is an example of a nonsampling error:
A. Participants volunteer to provide feedback on a new advertisement.
B. Participants stopped on the street do not represent the target population.
C. Respondents exaggerate their answers to survey questions.
D. Many members of the target population did not respond to surveys.

91. Although Francesca loved the idea of purchasing a luxury car—and the image it presented to others—she ultimately decided to buy a station wagon because it provided her family more safety and security. What theory might explain Francesca’s buying behavior?
A. Keynesian Theory of Unemployment
B. Maslow’s Hierarchy of Needs
C. Informed Consent
D. Societal Marketing Concept

92. Which of the following technologies can help simplify the sales process by collecting, organizing, and reporting data:
A. Voice over Internal Protocol (VoIP)
B. Global Positioning Systems (GPS)
C. Customer Relationship Management (CRM) software
D. Computer-Aided Design (CAD)

93. Traditional film cameras are now in the __________ stage of the product life cycle.
A. maturation
B. decline
C. introduction
D. growth

94. You should aim to make survey questions
A. complicated.
B. vague.
C. precise.
D. sympathetic.

95. Which of the following steps to identifying strengths and weaknesses should occur first:
A. Observe others whom you admire
B. Ask questions like, “What can I improve?”
C. Complete a personal skills inventory
D. Get input from others around you

96. Charitable donations must be __________ to be deducted from tax returns.
A. itemized
B. less than $100,000 in value
C. given to for-profit organizations
D. in cash

97. Marketers often use social media analytics to measure
A. sales.
B. inflation.
C. people.
D. engagement.

98. A company might learn who purchases most of its products, which products have the weakest sales, and the direction of consumer trends by conducting a
A. situation analysis.
B. sales forecast.
C. risk reduction.
D. promotional strategy.

99. When a business successfully manages its products and services, it often reduces its exposure to
A. market share.
B. financial risk.
C. new customers.
D. sales and profits.

100. What principle states that customers should always receive a copy of the business’s privacy policy before they’re asked to provide any information?
A. Choice/Consent
B. Integrity/Security
C. Access/Participation
D. Notice/Awareness

/////

1. C
Subculture. Deion and his colleagues are considered a subculture—a secondary group within a dominant
organizational culture. An organizational culture refers to the customs, traditions, and habits of employees
working together at a particular firm. Simply put, an organizational culture is the overall culture of the entire
company, while a subculture is a smaller culture within that organizational culture. A collectivist society is a
society in which people are integrated into strong, loyal groups, such as extended families. Although a
collectivist society strongly relies on groups, it is not the term used within organizations. A committee is an
appointed group of people that is dedicated to a specific matter. There is no indication that Deion and his
colleagues are members of a committee.
SOURCE: EC:045 Discuss the impact of cultural and social environments on global trade
SOURCE: LAP-EC-045—On Top of the World (Impact of Culture on Global Trade)
2. C
Credibility. Credibility is believability. It is critical that marketers ensure the information they manage is
believable. Otherwise, no one will trust the information, and it won’t be useful. Marketers can establish credibility
by using quality research methods, being open about those methods, and backing up the research with
transparent, objective analysis. Naomi is not establishing competition, privacy, or adaptability in this scenario.
SOURCE: IM:025 Explain the role of ethics in marketing-information management
SOURCE: LAP-IM-025—Info With Integrity (Ethics in Marketing-Information Management)
3. C
Interviews. Qualitative data are those that rely on subjective judgment to evaluate quality. Since interviews do
not necessarily provide any empirical data and are based on person-to-person interaction, subjective judgement
is required to derive information. Sales projections, test grades, and time logs are all examples of quantitative
data.
SOURCE: OP:521 Evaluate project success
SOURCE: LAP-OP-521—Making the Grade (Evaluating Project Success)
4. B
Consider the cost and value of market research. Marketers that use good marketing research methods consider
the cost and value of market research. This means that in addition to determining the costs of research,
marketers ensure the results are valuable enough for management to make decisions on the results of their
research. Good marketing research methods use the scientific method, are innovative and creative, and use
multiple methods for collecting data.
SOURCE: IM:428 Assess appropriateness of marketing research for the problem/issue (e.g., research
methods, sources of information, timeliness of information, etc.)
SOURCE: QS Study. (2023). Characteristics of good marketing research. Retrieved September 29, 2023, from
https://qsstudy.com/characteristics-of-good-marketing-research
5. C
Resources. A resource is any item that is used to accomplish another activity, such as equipment, supplies, and
time. You need resources for all types of projects—even the simplest project. Without resources, you would not
be able to achieve the project goal. Principles are standards. Scope is what a project will and will not include.
An algorithm is a process or set of rules to be followed in calculations or other problem-solving operations,
especially by a computer.
SOURCE: OP:003 Identify resources needed for project
SOURCE: LAP-OP-003—Get What You Need (Identifying Project Resources)

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2024 HS ICDC

MARKETING CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

2

6. A
Investors. An investor is someone who puts money into a company and expects returns—which makes them an
important audience for public-relations (PR) specialists. Investors typically only invest in companies they
perceive as being credible with trustworthy reputations. While PR specialists might communicate with
employees, owners, and company competitors, it’s probably less important that they stress the company’s
credibility and reputation to these audiences than with investors.
SOURCE: PR:253 Discuss internal and external audiences for public-relations activities
SOURCE: Worsley, N. (2023, May 8). How PR can help you attract investors for your business. Retrieved
September 9, 2023, from https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/how-pr-can-help-you-attract-investors-yourbusiness-nadia-worsley/
7. C
Population changes. A business is unable to control the ways in which a population changes and adapts over
time. Inventory, price, and distribution are all internal factors that are at least partially under a business’s
control.
SOURCE: MP:013 Explain the nature of sales forecasts
SOURCE: LAP-MP-013—Futurecast (The Nature of Sales Forecasts)
8. A
Dwelling. Dwelling coverage is a type of home insurance that covers the costs to repair or rebuild a
homeowner’s house if it is damaged or destroyed. Personal property coverage pays for an individual’s personal
items, such as furniture, clothing, or electronics. Personal liability coverage helps protect a homeowner if a legal
suit is brought against them for bodily injury or property damage. Loss of use coverage helps homeowners pay
for additional expenses they have incurred while their house is being repaired or restored.
SOURCE: FI:571 Determine insurance needs
SOURCE: Travelers. (2022). Home insurance coverage. Retrieved October 6, 2023, from
https://www.travelers.com/home-insurance/coverage
9. A
Frugging. Frugging refers to fundraising under the guise of market research. Because the telemarketer in this
scenario is claiming to be a researcher conducting a poll when actually attempting to solicit a donation, this is
an example of frugging. Sugging refers to selling under the guise of market research. Advertising is any paid
form of nonpersonal presentation of ideas, images, goods, or services. Bargaining is a negotiating technique
that involves giving another party something they want and receiving something desired in return.
SOURCE: IM:419 Describe the regulation of marketing-information management
SOURCE: The Market Research Society. (2023). Sugging and frugging FAQ. Retrieved September 19, 2023,
from https://www.mrs.org.uk/standards/suggingfaq
10. A
Product placement. Product placement—one of the most common forms of stealth marketing—is a strategy that
uses branded products as props in movies, TV shows, online videos, and video games to build brand
awareness and positivity. Social media advertising, direct mail, and personal selling are not forms of stealth
marketing.
SOURCE: PR:099 Describe the use of business ethics in promotion
SOURCE: Indeed. (2023, February 3). Stealth marketing examples, definition, and benefits. Retrieved
September 22, 2023, from https://www.indeed.com/career-advice/career-development/stealthmarketing-examples

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2024 HS ICDC

MARKETING CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

3

11. A
Ask the more important items earlier. When developing a questionnaire, put the more important items earlier in
the questionnaire. This will increase the likelihood that respondents will answer the questions while they are
focused. Sensitive items, such as demographic questions, are better later in the questionnaire because
respondents will have already completed most of the survey and will be more likely to answer them. Putting
sensitive questions early may force respondents to put their guard up. Questions should be phrased using
positive language rather than negative language. Questionnaires should only ask about one idea at a time
rather than multiple.
SOURCE: IM:293 Evaluate questionnaire design (e.g., types of questions, question wording, routing,
sequencing, length, layout)
SOURCE: Imperial College London. (2023). Best practice in questionnaire design. Retrieved September 29,
2023, from https://www.imperial.ac.uk/education-research/evaluation/tools-and-resources-forevaluation/questionnaires/best-practice-in-questionnaire-design
12. D
Setting objectives and goals. The marketing planning process serves as a company road map for selecting a
specific target market and then satisfying customers in that segment. The first step of the marketing planning
process is to set objectives and goals. This is followed by assessing your current situation, writing the plan and
strategy, and implementing and managing your plan.
SOURCE: MP:006 Explain the nature of marketing planning
SOURCE: Udemy. (2020, February). The marketing planning process: Four steps to success. Retrieved
September 19, 2023, from https://blog.udemy.com/marketing-planning-process
13. C
It helps businesses reach their target audience. Channel management refers to the processes by which
marketers ensure products are distributed to customers efficiently and effectively. Channel management is
important to successful marketing in many ways, including that it helps businesses reach and communicate with
their target audience. It also allows for marketers to monitor and analyze results from their campaigns to
determine which channels are most effective and make adjustments as needed. Channel management helps
marketers control their messages. Effective channel management can help with the creation of quality products,
but it won't completely eliminate the production of poor-quality products.
SOURCE: CM:007 Coordinate channel management with other marketing activities
SOURCE: Featured. (2023, January 5). Why is channel management important for successful marketing?
Retrieved September 12, 2023, from https://blog.featured.com/why-is-channel-managementimportant-for-successful-marketing
14. A
About a third of a business’s employees work remotely. An estimate is an approximation or educated guess.
The statement “about a third of a business’s employees work remotely” is an estimation. The statement “costs
will be up 20% next year” is an example of a prediction, or a forecast about the future. The statements “all
employees are enrolled in health insurance” and “sales were down 5% last quarter” are both examples of facts,
or data that can be verified.
SOURCE: IM:012 Describe the need for marketing data
SOURCE: LAP-IM-012—Data Do It (Need for Marketing Data)

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2024 HS ICDC

MARKETING CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

4

15. A
Consumer magazines. Cosmopolitan, Rolling Stone, and Sports Illustrated are examples of consumer
magazines. Consumer magazines are generally read by individuals for personal enjoyment during their leisure
time. Business magazines appeal primarily to members of the business community. Tabloid newspapers are
traditionally smaller than broadsheet size papers (the size most of us associate with newspapers). National
Enquirer and the New York Post are examples of tabloid newspapers. Community newspapers are suburban or
rural papers delivered to residents in a geographic area. Cosmopolitan, Rolling Stone, and Sports Illustrated are
not considered business magazines, tabloid newspapers, or community newspapers.
SOURCE: PR:007 Explain types of advertising media
SOURCE: LAP-PR-007—Ad-quipping Your Business (Types of Advertising Media)
16. A
Firmographic. Firmographic data is information used to categorize organizations, such as a company’s name,
revenue, or workforce. Geographic data is information which specifically deals with the physical location of
people, places, or objects. Demographic data deals with socioeconomic information regarding individuals or
groups, such as education, income, or birth rates. Topographic data categorizes the elevation of different
surfaces of Earth.
SOURCE: IM:062 Explain techniques for processing marketing data
SOURCE: Cognism. (2023). What is marketing data? Retrieved September 6, 2023, from
https://www.cognism.com/what-is-marketing-data
17. C
Horizontal. Horizontal conflict is a type of channel conflict that occurs between channel members at the same
level (e.g., two retailers). Because two retailers are in conflict, this scenario is an example of horizontal conflict.
Vertical conflict is a type of channel conflict that occurs between channel members at different levels within the
same channel. Emotional conflict is a disagreement that is based on differences regarding personal beliefs,
values, or experiences. Internal conflict is conflicting thoughts or ideas within yourself. This is not an example of
vertical, emotional, or internal conflict.
SOURCE: CM:008 Explain the nature of channel-member relationships
SOURCE: Indeed. (2022, June 24). What is horizontal conflict? (With tips for resolving conflict). Retrieved
September 12, 2023, from https://www.indeed.com/career-advice/career-development/horizontalconflict
18. C
Trade exhibitions. Many industries hold trade shows or fairs on a regular basis. Attending trade exhibitions is an
excellent way for salespeople to acquire information about the products they sell as well as competing products.
Customers, other sales representatives, and product manufacturers are all helpful sources of information, but
they are less likely than trade exhibitions to provide information about competing products or companies.
SOURCE: SE:062 Acquire product information for use in selling
SOURCE: LAP-SE-062—Get Informed (Acquiring Product Information for Use in Selling)

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2024 HS ICDC

MARKETING CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

5

19. D
Grassroots marketing. Grassroots marketing is a ground-up approach to marketing that aims to target smaller,
specific groups in nontraditional channels. In this case, Abdoulaye is targeting the local community, and—rather
than creating a traditional, formal advertisement or commercial—he is enlisting friends to help promote his
business. Exploratory research is marketing research that collects information to help the business define its
issue, situation, or concern and decide how to proceed with its research. Abdoulaye is simply promoting his
business, not seeking to solve an issue or answer a question. Paradigm innovation is a type of innovation that is
a significant change in the way a product is viewed by users and society at large. Abdoulaye's promotion
technique is unconventional but not paradigm-shifting. Lending investments are investments in which lenders
allow borrowers to use their money for a specified fee or rate.
SOURCE: PR:247 Describe word-of-mouth channels used to communicate with targeted audiences
SOURCE: Myers, C. (2023). Definition of grassroots marketing. Retrieved September 15, 2023, from
https://smallbusiness.chron.com/definition-grassroots-marketing-23210.html
20. C
Net promoter score. Net promoter score is used to measure customer loyalty by asking how likely customers
are to recommend a business to their friends or colleagues based on a zero to 10 scale. Customer voice is an
effective branding tool and companies use various methods to collect customer voice data. Matilda is not
utilizing focus groups, recorded call data, or live chat in this example.
SOURCE: PM:276 Describe the role of customer voice in branding
SOURCE: Sharma, R. (2022, March 8). 12 voice of the customer methodologies to generate a gold mine of
customer feedback. Retrieved September 15, 2023, from https://blog.hubspot.com/service/voice-ofthe-customer-methodologies
21. A
A restaurant offering gluten-free, low-carb, and vegetarian options. Most new product ideas typically come from
trends, customers, or existing products. A trend is the general direction in which people or events are moving. A
restaurant offering gluten-free, low-carb, and vegetarian options is a response to various health food trends. A
cell phone company changing its product based on an online survey is an example of a business developing
products or services in response to customers. A cleaning company altering its services due to customer
complaints is an example of a business developing products or services in response to customers and/or
existing products. A toy agency tweaking its products based on its competitor's limitations is an example of a
business developing products or services in response to existing products.
SOURCE: PM:127 Identify methods/techniques to generate a product idea
SOURCE: LAP-PM-127—Unleash Your Mind (Techniques for Generating Product Ideas)
22. C
Export regulations. When shipping products overseas, all businesses are subject to various export regulations
and can face consequences for violating these rules. By educating their employees and organizational partners
about international laws and export controls, businesses can reduce the risk of penalties and fines. While
businesses should be aware of extreme weather, this does not help them avoid penalties and fines. Accounting
standards and the global stock market are not directly tied to international shipping—therefore, knowledge of
them would not reduce the risk of penalties or fines.
SOURCE: BL:145 Explain the nature of import/export law
SOURCE: Shipping Solutions. (2019). Export procedures and documentation: An in-depth guide. Retrieved
September 22, 2023, from https://www.shippingsolutions.com/export-documentation-procedure

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2024 HS ICDC

MARKETING CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

6

23. A
Expensive and difficult to measure. Institutional, or corporate, promotion does not attempt to sell a good or a
service. Rather, it is used to create a certain image of the company in the customers’ eyes. Institutional
promotion is sometimes criticized because it may be costly. It is also criticized because its effectiveness is
difficult to measure. It is not considered inexpensive, and it is not easily measurable.
SOURCE: PR:002 Explain the types of promotion (i.e., institutional, product)
SOURCE: LAP-PR-902—Know Your Options (Product and Institutional Promotion)
24. C
Product. Pricing plays a key role in the marketing mix (product, price, place, and promotion). The elements of
the marketing mix are interdependent because a change in one will affect the others. Pricing affects product
decisions in terms of materials used in production. In this example, Beau is not considering production, place, or
pricing objectives.
SOURCE: PI:001 Explain the nature and scope of the pricing function
SOURCE: LAP-PI-001—The Price Is Right (Nature of Pricing)
25. C
Following up. During follow up, salespeople make sure customers are satisfied with the product. This might
include checking on installation, handling a problem, or answering billing questions. Whatever the customer
wants or needs, the salesperson tries to provide. Prospecting is the act of identifying any person or organization
with the potential to buy a product and compiling that information in an organized manner for future use. This is
not an example of prospecting, preparing, or presenting.
SOURCE: SE:828 Explain key factors in building a clientele
SOURCE: LAP-SE-828—Keep Them Loyal (Key Factors in Building Clientele)
26. D
Brand positioning. The marketer’s goal in positioning a brand is to try to establish the “point of difference”—the
factor that separates the brand from its competitors. What makes this brand special? What are its benefits?
Marketers must ask these questions to create the right image for their brand—the image that will make their
brand successful. Brand extension is the brand strategy of using successful brands to introduce new products.
Brand licensing is the legal authorization by a brand owner to allow another company to use the brand in
exchange for a fee. Co-branding is a brand strategy that involves businesses joining forces for mutual benefit
and to increase brand recognition, customer loyalty, and sales for both brands.
SOURCE: PM:021 Explain the nature of product/service branding
SOURCE: LAP-PM-021—It’s a Brand, Brand, Brand World! (Nature of Product Branding)
27. B
Collaboration. Collaboration—a joint effort between two or more parties—is a crucial component of supply
chains. Because supply chains can face a variety of disruptions (e.g., natural disasters, global pandemics), it is
important that supply chain teams improve their collaboration, which will help them respond to these
disruptions. Effective collaboration helps streamline communication and efforts, minimizing waste and delays.
Improving marketing, hiring practices, and insurance offerings are not necessarily ways that supply chain teams
can best respond to supply chain disruptions.
SOURCE: OP:444 Explain the benefits of supply chain collaboration
SOURCE: GEP. (2021, July 16). Guide to supply chain collaboration – what, why, and how. Retrieved
September 20, 2023, from https://www.gep.com/blog/technology/complete-guide-to-supply-chaincollaboration-what-why-and-how

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2024 HS ICDC

MARKETING CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

7

28. D
Laissez-faire. Laissez-faire is a French term that refers to a philosophy of noninterference, and these
supervisors exercise very little control over their workers. Employees who prefer to act independently, devise
their own solutions, and make their own plans will adapt more easily to laissez-faire management. Employees
who enjoy contributing to a team and working together to solve problems will adapt to democratic managers.
Employees who are patient, accepting, and cooperative will adapt to authoritarian managers. Republican
management is not a style of management.
SOURCE: EI:037 Foster positive working relationships
SOURCE: LAP-EI-037—Can You Relate? (Fostering Positive Working Relationships)
29. D
People will pay hundreds above face value for concert tickets. A seller’s market exists when the quantity
demanded is much greater than the quantity supplied, prices are higher, and the demand is so great that
consumers will buy regardless of high prices. This is the case when people are so eager to get tickets to a
concert that they will pay much more than face value. Vacant houses in a neighborhood indicate a buyer’s
market. The amount of gas people purchase in relation to prices is an example of inelastic demand. A caterer
that makes too many cupcakes for a wedding is an example of a buyer’s market.
SOURCE: EC:005 Explain the principles of supply and demand
SOURCE: LAP-EC-011—It’s the Law (Supply and Demand)
30. C
The people involved. Information technology involves the technological elements of a set of information (e.g.,
hardware, software, networks). Information systems involve the management of an entire set of information,
which includes both the technological elements and the people and processes therein. Coding languages,
global trends, and artificial intelligence are not related to the distinction between information technology and
information systems.
SOURCE: NF:083 Explain the role of information systems
SOURCE: The University of Arizona. (2023, June 20). Information technology vs. information systems.
Retrieved September 20, 2023, from https://www.uagc.edu/blog/information-technology-vsinformation-systems-which-degree-is-right-for-me
31. C
A touchpoint. A touchpoint is any opportunity a company has to connect with its customers and potential
customers. Every business should take advantage of each touchpoint to connect with its customers and
potential customers. Touchpoint situations can include a customer interacting with a salesperson in the store,
scrolling through a social media page, or receiving a bill in the mail. Scrolling through a company’s Instagram
account is not an example of brand value, ethical (or unethical) behavior, or an emotional buying motive.
SOURCE: MK:019 Demonstrate connections between company actions and results (e.g., influencing consumer
buying behavior, gaining market share, etc.)
SOURCE: LAP-MK-019—Just Do It…Right (Company Actions and Results)
32. A
Former employees. Primary research collects data specifically for the project at hand. There are many different
sources that organizations can use to gather primary data. One of those is employees, past and present.
Industry reports, sales invoices, and government reports are all sources of secondary data.
SOURCE: IM:281 Describe options businesses use to obtain marketing research data (i.e., primary and
secondary research)
SOURCE: LAP-IM-281—What’s the Source? (Obtaining Marketing-Research Data)

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2024 HS ICDC

MARKETING CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

8

33. D
A tying agreement. A tying agreement is an illegal agreement requiring a customer to buy other products to
obtain desired goods and services. Because Rashid is told that he cannot buy a specific brand of smartphone
unless he also purchases a smartwatch from that same brand, this is an example of a tying agreement.
Exclusive dealing is a contractual agreement between a producer and a distributor where the distributor agrees
to only sell the products of that specific producer. A monopoly is a type of market structure in which a market is
controlled by one supplier, and there are no substitute goods or services readily available. An exclusive territory
is a designated area or region in which a distributor is required to only sell products from a specific producer.
This is not an example of exclusive dealing, a monopoly, or an exclusive territory.
SOURCE: CM:005 Explain legal considerations in channel management
SOURCE: Gordon, J. (2022, April 15). Tying arrangement - explained. Retrieved September 6, 2023, from
https://thebusinessprofessor.com/en_US/business-transactions/tying-arrangement-definition
34. C
Endorsement. Showing a famous athlete using a certain product is an example of positioning by celebrity
endorsement. Repositioning means giving a product or brand a new position. Benefits are the advantages
customers receive from a product. Competitive advantage refers to any edge a business has over its
competitors.
SOURCE: PM:042 Describe factors used by marketers to position products/services
SOURCE: LAP-PM-042—Getting Piece of Mind (Factors Used to Position Products/Services)
35. A
Customer wants and needs. Forces operating in the business environment over which the business has little or
no control are known as external factors. Examples of external factors include customer wants and needs,
competitors’ actions, availability of raw materials, and social concerns. Corporate goals and objectives,
production capacity, and research and development efforts are internal factors affecting company selling
policies.
SOURCE: SE:932 Explain company selling policies
SOURCE: LAP-SE-932—Sell Right (Selling Policies)
36. A
Pure bundling. When businesses use the pure bundling strategy, products are sold as a set—items cannot be
purchased individually. Green Apron customers are unable to purchase the individual ingredients outside of the
meal kits. Cross-sell bundling involves combining products from different categories. New product bundling
involves limited-time or special launch products. Gift bundling is typically used around the holidays and often
includes wrapping services. This example does not illustrate cross-sell, new product, or gift bundling.
SOURCE: PM:041 Describe the nature of product bundling
SOURCE: Qualtrics. (2022, December 9). Product bundling 101: Guide, strategies, and examples. Retrieved
September 14, 2023, at https://www.qualtrics.com/experience-management/product/productbundling/
37. B
Clarify concepts. Before marketers can make marketing decisions to boost customer satisfaction, they must first
identify what needs to be changed. Exploratory research can help marketers identify specific problems before
the bulk of the research begins. Specific predictions are typically made in the course of descriptive research, not
exploratory research. Test-marketing a product and performing clinical trials are examples of causal research.
SOURCE: IM:284 Describe methods used to design marketing research studies (i.e., descriptive, exploratory,
and causal)
SOURCE: LAP-IM-284—Better by Design (Marketing Research Designs)

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2024 HS ICDC

MARKETING CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

9

38. B
Exposure to varied skills and talents. Allowing people to do what they’re good at increases the odds of success
and allows everyone to perform to their best ability. If all team members focus on their areas of expertise, they
will feel more comfortable, confident, and motivated to succeed, which leads to a stronger final product. While
social contact, more creativity, and shared accountability are benefits of working as part of a team, they were
not directly demonstrated in this example.
SOURCE: EI:045 Participate as a team member
SOURCE: LAP-EI-045—Team Up (Participating as a Team Member)
39. D
It can simplify and speed up quoting to customers. An automated pricing system uses software or algorithms to
determine the price of goods or services based on market conditions, customer behaviors, and costs.
Automated pricing systems have many advantages, including that they simplify and speed up quoting to
customers. Employees taking some time to become accustomed to them and an over-dependency on
automated systems are disadvantages of automated pricing systems. Automated pricing systems will not
completely eliminate the need for staff members.
SOURCE: PI:016 Explain the use of technology in the pricing function
SOURCE: Wells, T. (2023, February 23). When does an automated pricing system become a risk? Retrieved
September 29, 2023, from https://taylorwells.com.au/automated-pricing-system
40. D
Extensive. Extensive decisions demand a lot of careful consideration, such as what career you would like to
begin to prepare for. Limited decisions require some time and energy to look at all alternatives. Routine
decisions require hardly any thought. Selecting a major is usually not a simple, limited, or routine decision.
SOURCE: PD:017 Make decisions
SOURCE: LAP-PD-017—Weigh Your Options (Decision-Making)
41. B
Feature-benefit. It’s important to keep in mind that customers do not actually buy features. They buy benefits. In
other words, they are not buying the product itself; rather, they are buying what the product can do for them. To
complete a sale, you must be able to translate the features of your product into benefits for the individual
customer or client. Idea selling is the process of convincing other people that an idea, proposal, or strategy will
lead to positive results for them or for their organization. Personal selling is the form of promotion that
determines client needs and wants and responds through planned, personalized communication that influences
purchase decisions and enhances future business opportunities. Suggestion selling is a sales technique in
which the salesperson attempts to increase the customer's purchase by recommending additional items after
the original decision to buy has been made; also known as suggestive selling.
SOURCE: SE:109 Analyze product information to identify product features and benefits
SOURCE: LAP-SE-109—Find Features, Boost Benefits (Feature-Benefit Selling)
42. C
Press release. A press release is written information provided to the media to obtain publicity. This is an
example of a one-way public relations activity, as there is no interaction involved. Interactive public relations
activities include social media, press conferences, media tours, chat rooms, and special events.
SOURCE: PR:252 Identify types of public-relations activities
SOURCE: Downey, L. (2023, August 21). Press release: What it is, how it works, pros and cons. Retrieved
September 9, 2023, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/p/pressrelease.asp

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2024 HS ICDC

MARKETING CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

10

43. C
Retailer. A retailer is a business that buys consumer goods or services and sells them to the ultimate consumer.
Because Andy's Goods buys consumer goods and sells them to ultimate consumers at its storefront, it is a
retailer. Wholesalers are intermediaries who help move goods between producers and retailers by buying
goods from producers and selling them to retailers. Producers are the people who make or provide goods and
services. An industrial user is a business that buys materials, services, or goods that will be used to make other
goods or used in the operation of the company. Andy's Goods is not a wholesaler, producer, or industrial user in
this scenario.
SOURCE: CM:001 Explain the nature and scope of channel management
SOURCE: LAP-CM-001—Chart Your Channels (Channel Management)
44. C
A company commits to offering competitive wages for its employees. When companies establish fairness (the
ability to make judgments and act without favoritism or self-interest) as a decision-making principle in their
marketing tactics, they commit to fair prices, better and competitive wages, and sustainable development. A
business advertising without attempting to mislead customers is an example of honesty in marketing. An
organization making an effort to give back to the community is an example of responsibility in marketing. A
company being open to the public about its procedure and operations is an example of transparency in
marketing.
SOURCE: PD:137 Explain the need for professional and ethical standards in marketing
SOURCE: MasterClass. (2022, April 14). Ethical marketing explained: 4 principles of ethical marketing.
Retrieved September 6, 2023, from https://www.masterclass.com/articles/ethical-marketing
45. D
Once established, sales are usually the primary source of cash flowing into a business. Cash flow is the
movement of funds into and out of a business. Money must flow into a business—not out of it—for it to make a
profit. One of the ways money flows into a business is through the sale of products. Once established, sales are
the primary source of cash flowing into the business. For example, a music store receives payments from the
sale of instruments, equipment, and supplies. It also receives money for services such as lessons and repairs.
Cash flow is calculated by subtracting—not dividing—total cash paid out from total cash receipts. Even
businesses that make a profit may experience cash-flow problems, depending on the sources of cash flowing
in.
SOURCE: FI:091 Describe the nature of cash flow statements
SOURCE: LAP-FI-091—Count the Cash (Cash Flow Statements)
46. D
Writing press releases and running press conferences. People in public relations are in charge of establishing
good relations between their business or organization and the public. This means that public relations
professionals can write and send out press releases, schedule and run press conferences, communicate and
develop relationships with the public and media, and manage crises that may threaten reputations. Creating
new products and determining pricing are responsibilities of individuals who work in product/brand
management. Channel management and marketing-information management are responsibilities of individuals
in marketing management. Answering customer questions and resolving complaints are responsibilities of
individuals in customer service.
SOURCE: PD:024 Explain employment opportunities in marketing
SOURCE: LAP-PD-024—Career Opportunities in Marketing

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2024 HS ICDC

MARKETING CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

11

47. A
It is how people use the 24 hours in their day. Time management refers to how people use the 24 hours in their
day to effectively accomplish goals. In many ways, however, the term “time management” is misleading. Time
itself is not under our control, but our actions are. If we learn to act in a way that makes the most of our time,
then we are using the resource wisely. Another misconception is that time management requires a lot of extra
work. Sure, you might have to get used to a few new things at first, like setting goals and determining priorities,
but in the end you’ll find that spending just a few minutes a day on time management can save you many hours
and help you become much more efficient. Time management can help with both short-term and long-term
goals. It can help you stay on top of short-term goals, such as a project or presentation. It is also a process that,
when developed, can help you plan for the future and take major steps toward achieving your goals and
becoming the person you want to be.
SOURCE: PD:019 Use time-management skills
SOURCE: LAP-PD-019—About Time (Time Management)
48. D
Is curiosity-driven. Basic research is a type of investigation that focuses on improving the understanding of a
particular law of nature, study, or phenomenon. Basic research examines data to fulfill a sense of curiosity and
typically uses "how," "what," and "why" questions to explain occurrences. Applied research looks to find
practical solutions to existing problems and focuses on discovering new information.
SOURCE: IM:292 Identify sources of error in a research project (e.g., response errors, interviewer errors, nonresponse errors, sample design)
SOURCE: Indeed. (2023, July 31). Basic research vs. applied research: What's the difference? Retrieved
September 29, 2023, from https://www.indeed.com/career-advice/career-development/basicresearch-vs-applied-research
49. A
Planned obsolescence. Planned obsolescence is the practice of designing a product to become unusable
before it should reasonably need replacement. Products often need to be altered, adjusted, or repositioned
throughout their life cycles, but this is not planned obsolescence. Dishonest marketing involves misleading
information about products. A voluntary recall occurs when companies remove products from the market and
request that customers return, destroy, or stop using the product.
SOURCE: PM:040 Explain business ethics in product/service management
SOURCE: LAP-PM-040—Safe and Sound (Ethics in Product/Service Management)
50. B
Being the leader in your industry; adding a new product this year. Visions and goals are different. A vision
involves the big picture, the overarching aim of the organization or team. It is meant to provide inspiration for the
future. Goals, on the other hand, are more specific, measurable, and time-bound. Therefore, being a leader in
your industry is a vision because it is big-picture. Adding a new product line is a goal because it is specific and
could be a small step on the way to achieving that vision. Losing ten pounds and eating healthier foods are both
goals. Being known for outstanding customer service is a vision, whereas shortening customer wait time is a
goal. Finally, increasing sales and increasing sales by 5% are both goals, rather than visions.
SOURCE: EI:060 Enlist others in working toward a shared vision
SOURCE: LAP-EI-060—Vision Quest (Enlisting Others in Vision)

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2024 HS ICDC

MARKETING CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

12

51. D
Landscaping business. Most landscaping businesses perform various yard maintenance tasks that would
require a lawn mower and would therefore receive the most utility from owning a lawn mower. Most movie
theaters, clothing retailers, and furniture stores do not offer landscaping or yardwork services; therefore, it
would not be useful for those businesses to own lawn mowers.
SOURCE: EC:004 Determine economic utilities created by business activities
SOURCE: LAP-EC-904—Use It (Economic Utility)
52. B
Executive summary. A marketing plan is a set of procedures or strategies for attracting the target customer to a
business. Most marketing plans typically include the following sections: executive summary, situational analysis,
desired target market, marketing objectives, marketing strategies and programs, financial plans, performance
and implementation, and appendix. The executive summary serves as an introduction, as it allows the reader to
understand the purpose of the marketing plan. It should include background information about the organization,
its mission statement, a brief introduction to the organization’s management team or the marketing team, and a
brief overview of the plan’s highlights and objectives. An organization's mission statement is not included in the
situational analysis, desired target market, or financial plans of a marketing plan.
SOURCE: MP:007 Explain the nature of marketing plans
SOURCE: LAP-MP-007—A Winning Plan (Nature of Marketing Plans)
53. B
Direct. Direct marketing is a form of marketing where marketers work to get specific, measurable action from a
targeted group of consumers, often by phone or email. Indirect marketing is marketing where a business is not
explicitly trying to market a product to a consumer, which would not be the case via phone or email. Permissionbased marketing is any marketing strategy that has the consent of the target audience, which is not necessarily
the case with direct marketing. Relationship marketing is a strategy in which businesses spend time with current
and prospective clients outside the office setting to enhance the partnership.
SOURCE: PR:089 Explain the nature of direct marketing channels
SOURCE: Pollick, M. (2023, September 3). What is direct marketing? Retrieved September 15, 2023, from
https://www.smartcapitalmind.com/what-is-direct-marketing.htm?expand_article=1
54. D
Notes. There are many productivity applications available on personal devices, including a notes app,
calculator, address book, and calendar. If Logan wants to make a grocery list for her trip to the store tomorrow,
she should use the notes app, which enables her to add and organize text—and even incorporate checkboxes.
A calculator, address book, and calendar are helpful tools, but they will not help Logan make a grocery list.
SOURCE: NF:005 Demonstrate personal information management/productivity applications
SOURCE: Apple. (2023, February 8). Create a checklist with Notes. Retrieved September 20, 2023, from
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT209365
55. B
Soliciting feedback. There’s only one way to know if your customer is satisfied—ask! It’s important to give your
customers convenient, user-friendly ways to provide feedback, like a comment card or online survey. Because
Marsha sends customers a brief online survey to ask about their experience, she is using the soliciting feedback
customer service strategy. This is not an example of being prompt, having a good attitude, or offering discounts.
SOURCE: SE:076 Explain the role of customer service as a component of selling relationships
SOURCE: LAP-SE-076—Go Beyond the Sale (Customer Service in Selling)

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2024 HS ICDC

MARKETING CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

13

56. C
Social media. Technology has greatly changed the promotional landscape. For example, digital technology
such as social media—electronic communications through which users build communities, network, share
information, etc.—puts marketers in direct contact with audiences across different platforms. Printed media,
direct mail, and billboards are examples of traditional marketing, which doesn’t typically rely on digital
technology.
SOURCE: PR:100 Describe the use of technology in the promotion function
SOURCE: Miller, E. (2019, June 20). How technology is changing the promotional landscape. Retrieved
September 22, 2023, from https://innovationmanagement.se/2019/06/20/how-technology-ischanging-the-promotional-landscape/
57. C
They must be financially able and willing to spend. A market is a customer or a potential customer who has an
unfulfilled desire and is financially able and willing to satisfy that desire. People who have unfulfilled—not
fulfilled—desires make up a market. People who make up a market are those who want a good or service and
have the resources, or money, to make a purchase.
SOURCE: MP:003 Explain the concept of market and market identification
SOURCE: LAP-MP-003—Have We Met? (Market Identification)
58. D
Better customer service. Channel management refers to the processes by which marketers ensure products are
distributed to customers efficiently and effectively. Order tracking technology has helped individual companies
provide better customer service by knowing exactly when materials and orders will arrive. Technology has
helped businesses increase both efficiency and transparency, not decrease them. Packing and shipping
activities can be tied to automatic order systems to further improve efficiency and decrease delivery lead times,
which help customers receive their orders faster.
SOURCE: CM:004 Describe the use of technology in the channel management function
SOURCE: Ingram, D. (n.d.). Channel management techniques. Retrieved September 6, 2023, from
https://smallbusiness.chron.com/channel-management-techniques-3072.html
59. B
Promote brand identity. Consistent use of design across advertising media helps promote brand identity. By
being consistent with branding elements, companies can build trust with their customers and promote their
brand. Consistent design across media doesn’t necessarily help recruit new employees, increase return on
investment (ROI), or improve company morale.
SOURCE: PR:251 Explain the importance of coordinating elements in advertisements
SOURCE: Schonrock, J. (2022, November 21). Brand consistency is a must. Here’s what you need to know.
Retrieved September 9, 2023, from https://learn.g2.com/brand-consistency
60. D
Help gather data about customers. The main role of information technology in marketing management is to help
gather data about customers. Properly gathering, managing, and analyzing this data ensures businesses have
the right information about the market and customers. The main role of information technology in marketing
management is not to send promotional emails to customers, ensure the creation of quality products, or
improve employee turnover rate.
SOURCE: IM:183 Describe the use of technology in the marketing-information management function
SOURCE: Vaia. (2023). Marketing information management. Retrieved September 19, 2023, from
https://www.hellovaia.com/explanations/marketing/marketing-information-management

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2024 HS ICDC

MARKETING CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

14

61. B
Loss of privacy. Many employees prefer to keep their personal and professional lives separate. However,
excessive use of social media can make that very difficult. Having a large social media presence can result in
personal information being circulated in the workplace. Workplace injuries are unlikely to result from social
media use since there are rarely physical consequences of social media use. Burnout, or exhaustion and stress
caused by difficulties at one’s work, is usually caused by an increased workload or a dissatisfaction with one’s
responsibilities. It is not typically directly caused by social media use. Ambush marketing is a promotional
technique where a non-sponsoring business tries to associate with an event. It is not related to workplace
consequences of social media use.
SOURCE: CO:205 Describe the impact of a person's social media brand on the achievement of organizational
objectives
SOURCE: Adams-Mott, A. (2018, October 22). The disadvantages of computers in the workplace. Retrieved
September 22, 2023, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/disadvantages-computers-workforce10004.html
62. D
They often lead to an imbalance of supply and demand. Price controls refer to the legal minimum or maximum
prices set for specified goods. A potential disadvantage of price controls is that they can often lead to an
imbalance of supply and demand. When prices are too low, there may not be enough supply, which thereby
increases demand. This can lead to shortages (rather than eliminate them) and illegal markets. Two
advantages of price controls are that they prevent producers from price gouging and they keep companies from
developing monopolies.
SOURCE: PI:017 Explain legal considerations for pricing
SOURCE: Kenton, W. (2022, July 2). Price controls explained: Types, examples, pros & cons. Retrieved
September 29, 2023, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/p/price-controls.asp#toc-advantagesand-disadvantages-of-price-controls
63. A
Job specialization. Job specialization is a type of division of labor where employees specialize in certain tasks in
order to perform their jobs more efficiently. Since each of Murray’s employees are becoming experts in specific
roles, they are specializing. Market segmentation is the division of a market into smaller subgroups. The scalar
principle refers to creating authority that flows in a clear, continuous line. The principle of unity of command
states that no employee should have to report to more than one manager or supervisor. While Murray’s
business may demonstrate the scalar principle or unity of command, they are not apparent in this example.
SOURCE: EC:103 Explain the organizational design of businesses
SOURCE: LAP-EC-103—Designed to Work (Organizational Design of Business)
64. C
What problem are we solving? Brainstorming is one technique for generating product/business ideas.
Brainstorming questions are often open-ended or exploratory, and they encourage imaginative thinking. ‘What
problem are we solving?’ is a creative, focused, exploratory question. ‘Do you like this project?’ is a close-ended
(yes or no) question that isn’t relevant to generating product/business ideas. ‘Where can we cut corners?’ is not
a particularly useful, or ethical, question. ‘Who is responsible for this project?’ is closed-ended and should have
already been discussed prior to the project
SOURCE: PM:128 Generate product ideas
SOURCE: Creately. (September 12, 2023). 70 brainstorming questions to get your best ideas out. Retrieved
October 3, 2023, from https://creately.com/guides/brainstorming-questions/

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2024 HS ICDC

MARKETING CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

15

65. A
They occur at any stage in the customer journey. Customer touchpoints are all the opportunities businesses
have to connect with customers and reinforce their brand. Touchpoints can occur before, during, and after
purchases. Just-in-time inventory is a method where goods are ordered so they arrive when they are needed
rather than being stockpiled. Turnover is the rate at which an organization needs to replace employees. Neither
of these are related to customer touchpoints.
SOURCE: PM:277 Identify customer touch points
SOURCE: Indeed. (2023, February 3). 30 customer touch point examples (plus how to identify them). Retrieved
September 15, 2023, from https://www.indeed.com/career-advice/career-development/customertouchpoint
66. D
Questions; answers. The goal of facilitation is to help the group move forward, not to convey knowledge. The
facilitator of a discussion should prepare questions for the group rather than simply provide information or
answers. A discussion does not usually require specific questions; guidelines can be open-ended so that
participants can feel comfortable sharing different ideas. Printed materials are not necessarily preferred over
digital materials—both can function in a discussion setting. Food and beverages are not required for a
discussion, and one is not necessarily better than the other.
SOURCE: CO:201 Facilitate (lead) group discussions
SOURCE: Coaching for Leaders. (2023). 11 ways to facilitate great conversations. Retrieved September 22,
2023, from https://coachingforleaders.com/facilitate-great-conversations/
67. A
A style guide. When collaborating on a shared document, it’s helpful for teams to use a style guide to achieve a
consistent voice. A style guide is a set of standards for developing and designing a document. It often provides
guidelines around tone, terminology, and grammar rules, which, when followed by a team of writers, helps
achieve consistency in voice and branding. Cultural norms, presentation software, and a typing assistant will not
help teams achieve a consistent voice on a shared document.
SOURCE: NF:215 Collaborate on and aggregate complex internal documents to create a common voice
SOURCE: Duggan, D. (2017, April 21) 5 tips to maintain a consistent blog voice with multiple writers. Retrieved
September 20, 2023, from https://sprk-d.com/5-tips-to-maintain-a-consistent-blog-voice-withmultiple-writers/
68. A
Affinity. Affinity marketing is a type of marketing in which similar organizations partner to promote and sell
products that appeal to specific audiences. Amazon.com partnering with a bank to create an Amazon Rewards
credit card is an example of affinity marketing. Ambush marketing is a promotional technique whereby a
nonsponsoring business tries to associate with an event to gain recognition as a sponsor. Email marketing is
the electronic transmission of promotional messages across computer networks. Test marketing is an
experiment in which marketers introduce a new product to a limited market to determine what its acceptance
will be. This is not an example of ambush, email, or test marketing.
SOURCE: CM:021 Explain the nature of affinity partner relationships
SOURCE: Indeed. (2023, February 3). What is affinity marketing? (With benefits and tips). Retrieved
September 12, 2023, from https://www.indeed.com/career-advice/career-development/affinitymarketing

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2024 HS ICDC

MARKETING CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

16

69. A
It allows a business to assess its competitors. A situation analysis is a determination of a firm’s current business
situation and the direction in which the business is headed. It involves exploratory research conducted with the
purpose of providing a more complete understanding of a problem and the total business environment in which
it exists. A situation analysis is used to analyze both internal and external factors, and it allows businesses to
use market research to evaluate project growth, define their potential customers, and assess their competition.
A situation analyzes a business's strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats. Administering employee
benefits is a task related to human resources, not a situation analysis.
SOURCE: MP:008 Explain the role of situation analysis in the marketing planning process
SOURCE: Indeed. (2022, July 22). How to complete a situational analysis (with definition and elements).
Retrieved September 19, 2023, from https://www.indeed.com/career-advice/careerdevelopment/situational-analysis
70. C
Improve an organization’s reputation. The goal of public relations is to establish and maintain positive
relationships between an organization and the public. This includes seeking to improve a business's or
organization's reputation in the eyes of their customers or clients. Identifying investment opportunities would be
the purpose of financial professionals, not a public relations department. The marketing department is
responsible for promoting new products, and the accounting department keeps financial records.
SOURCE: PR:250 Explain communications channels used in public-relations activities
SOURCE: IPR.org.uk. (2020). PR tools and techniques. Retrieved September 15, 2023, from
https://www.ipr.org.uk/pr-tools-and-techniques.html
71. D
Process. Process innovation occurs when a business changes how something is done or made. This often
includes changes in manufacturing equipment, technology, or tools. Process innovation is more internal facing.
Product innovation occurs when a business creates, improves, or adds a new feature to a product. Customers
are very likely to notice product innovation. Purchase innovation and periodic innovation are fictitious terms.
SOURCE: PM:134 Identify product opportunities
SOURCE: Differential. (2020, March 19). The 3 types of innovation: Product, process, & business model.
Retrieved October 3, 2023, from https://www.differential.com/posts/the-3-types-of-innovationproduct-process-business-model
72. A
Johnny is in a situation that is too complicated to predict. Ambiguity tends to correlate with three things: novelty,
complexity, and insolubility. Complexity is the state of being intricate or complicated. Johnny being in a situation
that is too complicated to predict best represents how ambiguity correlates with complexity. Angela being in a
situation she has never been in before represents how ambiguity correlates with novelty (newness). Harper
being in a situation without an obvious solution represents how ambiguity correlates with insolubility, meaning
that there is not one single, obvious solution to a problem. Pedro being in a situation where there is one right
answer does not represent ambiguity.
SOURCE: EI:092 Develop tolerance for ambiguity
SOURCE: LAP-EI-092—Embrace the Unknown (Developing a Tolerance for Ambiguity)

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2024 HS ICDC

MARKETING CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

17

73. D
Headline. A headline is text set in large type and usually positioned at the top of an advertisement. When Ben’s
boss asks him to review the text in large type at the top of the ad, he’s being asked to review the ad’s headline.
Copy is the text of an advertisement that provides readers with information; the sales message. White space is
blank space in an advertisement that is unoccupied by text or illustrations. An illustration is a photograph,
drawing, painting, or graphic such as a chart, table, or graph.
SOURCE: PR:014 Explain the components of advertisements
SOURCE: Indeed. (2022, June 24). 25 tips for creating ad headlines. Retrieved September 9, 2023, from
https://www.indeed.com/career-advice/career-development/ad-headline
74. C
Distributor brands. Distributor brands are owned by the retailer or wholesaler that sells the brands, rather than
the manufacturer. You can see distributor brands at large grocery stores, which often produce their own lines.
One example is Walmart, whose Great Value brand is the largest food brand in the U.S. A brand extension is
the brand strategy of using successful brands to introduce new products. Co-branding is a brand strategy that
involves businesses joining forces for mutual benefit. Brand cues are simple reminders of the brand’s identity
and values.
SOURCE: PM:206 Explain the nature of corporate branding
SOURCE: LAP-PM-206—Corporate Identity (Nature of Corporate Branding)
75. D
Convenience-based. Brand positioning is a strategy in which marketers create a certain image or impression of
a brand as compared to those of competitors’ brands. A convenience-based positioning strategy highlights how
a company’s products or services are easier to use, more widely accessible, or more convenient than its
competitors. A price-based strategy emphasizes affordability. A customer service strategy emphasizes
customer satisfaction. A differentiation strategy emphasizes the uniqueness of a product or service. Express
Scripts is not using price-based, customer service, or differentiation brand positioning strategies.
SOURCE: PM:207 Describe factors used by businesses to position corporate brands
SOURCE: Patel, S. (2022, September 28). A complete guide to successful brand positioning. Retrieved
September 14, 2023, from https://blog.hubspot.com/sales/brand-positioning-strategy
76. B
Government agencies. Product grading is typically conducted by government agencies using agreed-upon
letters or numbers to describe quality. Government inspectors are often the ones who do the actual scoring of
goods based on a point system. Research companies, individual businesses, and consumer groups are not
usually involved in determining product grades.
SOURCE: PM:019 Describe the uses of grades and standards in marketing
SOURCE: LAP-PM-019—Raise the Bar (Grades and Standards)
77. B
Sales promotions. Sales promotions are promotional activities or techniques other than advertising that
stimulate customer purchases. Coupons, rebates, and free samples are not considered advertisements, but
they incentivize purchases. Acceptance sampling is inspecting a random sample of products to determine
whether to accept or reject the entire batch and is unrelated to marketing or sales promotions. Coupons,
rebates, and free samples are not examples of social media or electronic communications. Onboarding is the
orientation and tasks required when a new employee joins the company.
SOURCE: PR:249 Identify communications channels used in sales promotion
SOURCE: KnowThis.com. (2023). What are the different types of sales promotion? Retrieved September 15,
2023, from https://www.knowthis.com/sales-promotion/what-are-the-different-types-of-salespromotion/

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2024 HS ICDC

MARKETING CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

18

78. B
Published work is more widely available due to modern technology. Your secondary audience are the readers
who are not the target audience but may encounter your work indirectly. With the advent of modern technology
such as the internet and social media, a written work can have a massive secondary audience due to the
potential for widespread distribution. A secondary audience is unlikely to be more familiar with a work than that
work’s intended audience. It is also unlikely that a written work will cause geopolitical conflict and, therefore, is
not a reason writers should consider their secondary audience. Secondary audiences are not necessarily
more—or less—critical of grammatical errors.
SOURCE: CO:203 Adapt written correspondence to targeted audiences
SOURCE: SkillsYouNeed. (2023). Know your audience. Retrieved September 22, 2023, from
https://www.skillsyouneed.com/write/know-your-audience.html
79. A
Projects have a distinct beginning and end. A project is any type of undertaking, or task, that has a distinct
beginning and end and creates a unique good or service. Projects can be simple, individual efforts or large,
complex undertakings. No matter the size or nature of the projects, they all require planning. Planning involves
deciding what will be done and how it will be accomplished.
SOURCE: OP:519 Plan project
SOURCE: LAP-OP-519—Plan On It! (Planning Projects)
80. B
A government. Fiat money is any currency that is not backed by a physical commodity but rather the
government that issued it. The government itself is responsible for maintaining the value of the currency since it
is not tied to a physical resource. Fiat money is not backed by any physical commodities, including gold, silver,
and renewable energy sources.
SOURCE: FI:059 Identify types of currency (paper money, coins, banknotes, government bonds, treasury
notes, etc.)
SOURCE: Chen, J. (2023, July 5). Fiat money. Retrieved September 22, 2023, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/f/fiatmoney.asp
81. B
In exchange for helping her meet her sales quota, Jane promises Tim season hockey tickets. Bribery is making
illegal payments intended to secure business or products in return. If one company really wants to secure an
order from another company, it may offer a bribe, like money, gifts, or other perks, in exchange for the sale. By
offering season tickets, Jane is bribing Tim to help her reach her sales quota. Showing a customer additional
products or asking them what information they would prefer is not bribery. An employee buying lunch for a
coworker is not necessarily bribery.
SOURCE: SE:106 Explain legal and ethical considerations in selling
SOURCE: LAP-SE-106—Keep It Real—In Sales (Legal and Ethical Considerations in Selling)
82. B
The value that most frequently occurs. In descriptive statistics, the mode refers to the value that occurs most
frequently in a data set. The average of a data set is the mean, which is calculated by adding all numbers in the
data set and then dividing by the number of values in the set. The median refers to the middle value of a data
set when it is ordered from least to greatest. The range of a data set is simply the highest value in a data set
minus the lowest value.
SOURCE: IM:191 Explain the use of descriptive statistics in marketing decision making
SOURCE: Conjointly. (2023). Descriptive statistics. Retrieved September 19, 2023, from
https://conjointly.com/kb/descriptive-statistics

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2024 HS ICDC

MARKETING CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

19

83. B
Price fixing. Price fixing is an illegal agreement in which businesses agree on the prices of their goods or
services, resulting in fewer choices for the customer. Four furniture stores agreeing to charge the same amount
for a new couch is an example of price fixing. Predatory pricing is the illegal practice of setting prices
unrealistically low to eliminate competition. Price skimming involves setting prices higher than those of the
competition. Prestige pricing is deliberately putting an artificially high price on a good or service to suggest high
quality or status.
SOURCE: PI:015 Describe the role of business ethics in pricing
SOURCE: LAP-PI-015—Pricing With Purpose (Ethics in Pricing)
84. A
Truth-in-advertising. In the United States, the FTC can regulate promotion by enforcing most truth-in-advertising
laws, such as requiring ads to be truthful and not misleading. Food and drug laws are enforced by the U.S.
Food and Drug Administration. The insurance industry is largely governed at the state level. The banking
industry is regulated by the Federal Reserve and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency. Not all of these
agencies operate at the federal level, and none of them relate directly to promotion.
SOURCE: PR:101 Describe the regulation of promotion
SOURCE: Federal Trade Commission. (2023). Truth in advertising. Retrieved September 15, 2023, from
https://www.ftc.gov/news-events/topics/truth-advertising
85. D
It helps employees understand how their organization operates. A chain of command is the flow of authority
within an organization. Chains of command help employees understand how their organization operates as well
as where they fit within the organizational structure. Typically, lead employees are not the highest individuals on
the chain of command. Individuals such as a corporate manager, general manager, or assistant manager are
higher on the chain than the lead employees. Authority flows from top to bottom within a chain of command, not
vice versa. Businesses of all shapes, sizes, and industries implement chains of command to keep their
operations flowing smoothly and efficiently.
SOURCE: PD:252 Follow chain of command
SOURCE: LAP-PD-252—Don’t Cheat the Chain (Following Chain of Command)
86. B
Lowered morale and decreased productivity. A leader who abuses their power brings down morale by causing
followers to feel anxious and intimidated. This can lead to higher turnover in workplaces, since employees are
unlikely to remain at a company where they feel threatened or disrespected. Productivity is also harmed when
leaders abuse their power as followers lose their motivation and inspiration to do good work. Increased salary is
not typically a consequence of a leader abusing their power.
SOURCE: EI:135 Use power appropriately
SOURCE: LAP-EI-135—Power Play (Using Power Appropriately)
87. A
Strategy-oriented decision. “How can we better promote products that are underperforming in sales?” is an
example of a strategy-oriented decision problem. These problems ask “How?” or “Which?” Discovery-oriented
decision problems ask “What?” or “Why?” A unit of analysis is the entity or element that is being studied in
market research (e.g., individual, household, etc.). Relevant variables are the types of information studied in a
marketing research project (e.g., brand awareness, customer satisfaction, etc.).
SOURCE: IM:282 Discuss the nature of marketing research problems/issues
SOURCE: LAP-IM-282—What’s the Problem? (Marketing Research Problems)

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2024 HS ICDC

MARKETING CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

20

88. D
Product labeling. Technology impacts the product/service management function in various ways. In product
labeling and packaging, technology like high-speed digital printing allows companies to optimize their
production processes with increased accuracy and speed. This example does not illustrate the benefits of
technology in accounts receivable, market testing, or lifecycle management.
SOURCE: PM:039 Describe the use of technology in the product/service management function
SOURCE: Lorenzi, N. (2020, March 12). Advances in labeling technology provide packaging flexibility.
Retrieved October 3, 2023, from https://www.snackandbakery.com/articles/94344-advances-inlabeling-technology-provide-packaging-flexibility
89. B
Channel stuffing. Channel stuffing is a deceptive business practice that involves forcing more products through
a distribution channel than can realistically be sold to final consumers. It is used to inflate a company’s sales
and financial earnings. Because the company shipped an excessive amount of inventory to wholesalers and
retailers and then booked those products as sales, this is an example of channel stuffing. Price discrimination is
an illegal activity in which a business charges different customers different prices for the same product.
Coercion is the practice of using force or threats to persuade someone to do something they would otherwise
be unwilling to do. Slotting allowances are payments from a producer to a retailer to ensure their products
appear on the store’s shelves. This is not an example of price discrimination, coercion, or slotting allowances.
SOURCE: CM:006 Describe ethical considerations in channel management
SOURCE: LAP-CM-006—The Right Path (Ethics in Channel Management)
90. C
Respondents exaggerate their answers to survey questions. A nonsampling error is any mistake in a research
study that occurs outside the sampling process. Respondents who exaggerate or who are less than honest will
cause errors that are not related to the sample design. Participants who do not represent the target population,
voluntary participation, and members of the target population who do not respond to surveys are examples of
sampling errors.
SOURCE: IM:285 Discuss the nature of sampling plans (i.e., who, how many, how chosen)
SOURCE: LAP-IM-285—Take Your Pick (Nature of Sampling Plans)
91. B
Maslow’s Hierarchy of Needs. Maslow’s Hierarchy of Needs is a content theory of motivation in which needs are
arranged in five levels: physiological, safety/security, social, esteem/status, and self-fulfillment. Because
Francesca chose to make a purchase based on safety/security needs before esteem/status needs, this is most
likely a demonstration of Maslow’s Hierarchy of Needs. The Keynesian Theory of Unemployment is a set of
ideas that assumes unemployment begins when businesses cut wages and can be controlled by increasing
demand and encouraging spending. The Societal Marketing Concept is a philosophy of conducting business
which involves creating and marketing products that benefit individual customers as well as contribute to the
good of society as a whole. Informed consent is a voluntary agreement to participate in research given with
knowledge and understanding of the study’s goal and what participation will involve.
SOURCE: SE:359 Discuss motivational theories that impact buying behavior
SOURCE: Swifterm. (2023, April 28). How Maslow’s hierarchy of needs is reflected in consumer behavior.
Retrieved September 9, 2023, from https://swifterm.com/maslows-hierarchy-of-consumer-behaviour/

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2024 HS ICDC

MARKETING CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

21

92. C
Customer Relationship Management (CRM) software. Customer Relationship Management software includes
computer programs that provide businesses with information about their customers; this technology can be
used to collect, organize, and report data about customers and streamline the sales process. Computer-Aided
Design (CAD) is the use of technology and software to create, test, and rework products in the virtual world
before spending money to produce them in the physical world. Global Positioning Systems (GPS) are
navigational systems that use satellite technology to determine location and provide directions. Voice over
Internal Protocol (VoIP) is technology that allows users to make phone and video calls over the internet.
SOURCE: SE:107 Describe the use of technology in the selling function
SOURCE: Impact. (2022, August 25). 5 innovative technologies that can actually improve sales performance.
Retrieved September 1, 2023, from https://www.impactmybiz.com/blog/how-to-improve-salesperformance-with-technology/
93. B
Decline. A product’s decline stage occurs once it starts decreasing in popularity, after the product has reached
maturity. Sometimes, products just become outdated. Better products come along that meet the same customer
needs and wants. This is why the decline stage of a certain product often coincides with the growth stage of a
new product in the same category. A classic example of this involves traditional film cameras. After digital
cameras were introduced to the market, their popularity exploded. Traditional film cameras were sent into a
quick decline. Film cameras are not in the growth stage, maturation stage, or introduction stage of the product
life cycle.
SOURCE: PM:024 Identify the impact of product life cycles on marketing decisions
SOURCE: LAP-PM-024—Get a Life (Cycle) (Product Life Cycles)
94. C
Precise. Survey questions should be as clear and precise as possible, so that the reader can better
comprehend the questions and accurate data can be collected. Survey questions should not be vague or
complex so the reader is not confused about what the question is asking. Survey questions are used as datacollection tools, so whether they are sympathetic or not is irrelevant.
SOURCE: IM:418 Explain characteristics of effective data-collection instruments
SOURCE: CustomInsight. (2023). Writing effective employee survey questions. Retrieved September 6, 2023,
from https://www.custominsight.com/articles/effective-survey-questions.asp
95. B
Ask questions like, “What can I improve?” Answering questions like “What can I improve?” and “What are my
career goals?” honestly and thoughtfully puts your thought process into motion and helps bring your strengths
and weaknesses into clearer focus. This is a good starting point to evaluate what you do well and what you can
improve. Getting input from others, observing others, and completing a skills inventory are important steps to
identify strengths and weaknesses, but they typically come after asking yourself important questions.
SOURCE: EI:002 Assess personal strengths and weaknesses
SOURCE: LAP-EI-902—Assess for Success (Assessing Personal Strengths and Weaknesses)

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2024 HS ICDC

MARKETING CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

22

96. A
Itemized. An itemized deduction is an expense that can be subtracted from an individual’s or company’s adjusted
gross income. Tax payers typically choose between a standard or itemized deduction, but in the case of charitable
donations, they must choose the itemized deduction. Charitable donations do not have to be donated in cash to be
tax deductible. Donations can also take the form of property and services. Deductible donations can exceed $100,000
as long as they are less than 60% of adjusted gross income. Charitable donations must be given to nonprofit or
volunteer organizations to be deductible.
SOURCE: FI:567 Explain the nature of charitable giving
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2023, June 30). Charitable donation. Retrieved October 6, 2023, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/charitabledonation.asp
97. D
Engagement. Social media analytics are used to measure a company’s social media performance, typically measured
through engagements. Engagements are simply a measure of how much and how often a target audience interacts
with a person or organization’s content online. Inflation is an economic measurement that is not tied directly to social
media. Sales are typically not measured on social media; companies calculate sales internally. Marketers have no
need to measure people; their objectives are to bring value to a company via promotion, pricing, product
development, and many other responsibilities.
SOURCE: IM:469 Monitor/measure customer “buzz”
SOURCE: Razor Social. (2019, May 24). The social media analytics tools and tactics guide. Retrieved September 7,
2023, from https://www.razorsocial.com/social-media-analytics-tools/
98. A
Situation analysis. A situation analysis is a determination of a firm’s current business situation and the direction in
which the business is headed. A sales forecast is a prediction of future sales over a specific period of time. Sales
forecasts are helpful to a marketer when setting up the marketing budget, planning products, and determining the
product mix. A promotional strategy is a method used to advertise, promote, and sell its products/services. Risk
reduction is a risk management technique that involves reducing the financial consequences of a loss.
SOURCE: IM:001 Explain the nature and scope of the marketing-information management function
SOURCE: LAP-IM-001—Get the Facts Straight (Marketing-Information Management)
99. B
Financial risk. The better managed a business’s products and services are, the less exposure the business has to
financial risk from failed products, lost sales, and inability to meet the competition. A business’s sales and profits will
improve if it is offering the products and services its target market wants and needs. When a business’s sales and
profits improve, its market share and ability to beat the competition may also improve. When a business takes the
time to develop and market appropriate products, it can develop many new customers (which can also translate into
greater sales, profits, and market share).
SOURCE: PM:001 Explain the nature and scope of the product/service management function
SOURCE: LAP-PM-017—Serving Up Products (Nature of Product/Service Management)
100. D
Notice/Awareness. The Notice/Awareness principle states that the privacy policy should let customers know what
information is being collected, if providing their information is required or voluntary, who is collecting their information,
who could potentially receive their information, how their information will be used, and how the privacy of their
information will be protected. Access/Participation states that customers should be able to view and verify their
information with ease. Choice/Consent encourages businesses to give their customers certain options in how their
information will be used. Integrity/Security refers to keeping customer information safe and private.
SOURCE: CR:017 Explain the role of ethics in customer relationship management
SOURCE: LAP-CR-017—Trust Is a Must (Ethics in Customer Relationship Management)

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

