1. Jean, Keisha, and Kyle want to start their own business but are concerned about the higher tax rate for corporations as well as the double taxation on corporate profits and dividends paid to stockholders. What type of business ownership should they consider?
A. "S" corporation
B. Partnership
C. Open corporation
D. Close corporation

2. Brandon has been given a 385-page report and does not have time to review the entire document, but he does need to understand specific information that is included in the report. What section of the report will guide Brandon to the information he needs?
A. Analysis
B. Bibliography
C. Appendices
D. Table of contents

3. To be reimbursed for business expenses, Luke must obtain and complete an expense-reimbursement form, attach the original transaction receipts to the completed form, and submit the documentation to his manager for approval. What is Luke doing?
A. Following company procedures
B. Developing company policies
C. Evaluating company feedback
D. Assessing company guidelines

4. During a meeting, Kevin provided an idea for cutting departmental costs by 20 percent. Which action would indicate that Kevin's supervisor liked his idea?
A. Rolling his/her eyes while sarcastically stating, "Great idea, Kevin"
B. Nodding, smiling, and writing down the idea
C. Making eye contact, frowning, and crossing his/her arms
D. Cutting Kevin off while he's speaking and asking for more ideas

5. Ramona's teacher is giving directions for the midterm; but the two students sitting on either side of Ramona are whispering to each other, and it's hard for her to hear. Ramona focuses all of her attention on the teacher, so she doesn't miss anything important. Which of the following steps for following directions does this situation illustrate:
A. Acknowledging directions verbally or nonverbally
B. Eliminating distractions
C. Reaching consensus
D. Recommending alternatives

6. What element of voice is important in order to communicate effectively with others?
A. Documentation
B. Vocabulary
C. Grammar
D. Articulation

7. Often, the most effective way to interpret others' nonverbal cues is to look at their
A. clothing style.
B. leg movements.
C. facial expressions.
D. office decor.

8. What is the most appropriate closing to include in a response to a customer's email inquiry for product information?
A. The model 2CR is available in three colors—red, black, and white. Reply by email with the color that you want.
B. On behalf of LVN Industries, thank you for your order. Your confirmation number is 243597.
C. We apologize for the inconvenience and will send a corrected invoice to you within 24 hours.
D. Thank you for your interest in XWQ products. Please let me know if you have any additional questions.

9. Once you know your group's purpose, what should you do next?
A. Contribute in a useful way
B. Find out what people know about the subject
C. Volunteer a new idea
D. Agree on ground rules

10. Allison is attending a business seminar. Because the seminar presenter is speaking very quickly, Allison is having a difficult time taking accurate notes. What technique would help Allison take notes quickly?
A. Write notes on index cards
B. Use abbreviations and symbols
C. Focus on the subtopics
D. Ask the speaker to provide handouts

11. Which of the following is an example of a text-oriented graphic that is often used to illustrate a business process or organizational structure:
A. Flowchart
B. Pictograph
C. Map
D. Pie chart

12. A credit manager must write a letter of rejection to a credit applicant. To maintain the customer's patronage, the letter should
A. not mention the credit application.
B. state the bad news immediately.
C. be a formal letter of apology.
D. open with a positive statement.

13. As Kevin edits a professional report, he is not sure whether to italicize or underscore a book title. To obtain the correct information, Kevin should
A. identify the readers' preferences.
B. seek a coworker's opinion.
C. look up the information in a current dictionary.
D. refer to the appropriate publisher's style manual.

14. The opening sentences of an effective business letter should
A. be completely impersonal.
B. come right to the point.
C. always be formal.
D. avoid specific details.

15. A salesperson who is planning a business trip to meet with several customers in a different city might write letters of inquiry in order to
A. explain requirements.
B. transmit information.
C. develop goodwill.
D. request appointments.

16. Which of the following is the most appropriate method for supervisors to use when communicating about personal or confidential issues with individual employees:
A. Telephone conference call
B. Company newsletter
C. Face-to-face meeting
D. Staff memo

17. Why do advertising agency account executives often participate in meetings and problem-solving groups?
A. To place ads in local newspapers
B. To schedule production facilities
C. To develop ad campaigns for clients
D. To write copy for promotional brochures

18. It is important for employees to demonstrate a customer-service mindset when they are
A. handling problems.
B. contacting suppliers.
C. placing orders.
D. preparing schedules.

19. Why is it important for employees to effectively communicate information about the business to customers?
A. To promote teamwork
B. To display integrity
C. To build morale
D. To provide service

20. Special events, demonstrations, contests, and coupons are activities that are controlled by a business's ________ policies.
A. employee
B. promotional
C. service
D. product

21. What type of difficult customer may be the most trying on your patience and do the most damage to the image of your business?
A. Slow/Methodical
B. Domineering/Superior
C. Suspicious
D. Disagreeable

22. To handle customer complaints effectively, the first thing that employees should do is
A. listen to the customers to understand their concerns.
B. take the customers' problems personally.
C. give the customers what they want to make them happy.
D. state the business's policies to prevent misunderstandings.

23. Which of the following is an example of a brand promise:
A. Henderson Photography…uniquely capturing your special moments is our priority.
B. Leather sofas only $499 this weekend—buy now at Fred's Furniture Warehouse.
C. Low credit terms are available for qualified customers until January 2014.
D. For your convenience, four Cup O' Joe locations are open in the greater metro area.

24. Which of the following is NOT a capital resource:
A. Warehouse
B. Manufacturing plant
C. Assembly line worker
D. Production equipment

25. Economics is concerned primarily with evaluating alternatives and
A. increasing foreign trade.
B. financing the national debt.
C. making economic decisions.
D. producing goods and services.

26. A gas station sells close to the same amount of gas every month, even if the price of gasoline goes up or down. This is because demand for gasoline is
A. inessential.
B. elastic.
C. discretionary.
D. inelastic.

27. If customers feel that a product's price is too high, they will probably
A. call the Better Business Bureau.
B. buy less of the product.
C. make a formal complaint.
D. try to negotiate the price.

28. Molly works in operations. Her job is to make sure that the business has all the supplies it needs to keep production going smoothly. Molly works in the area of
A. purchasing.
B. financial analysis.
C. marketing.
D. human resources management.

29. Property and income are not distributed equally in a private enterprise system because skilled workers usually
A. receive higher salaries.
B. belong to a union.
C. work longer hours.
D. pay higher taxes.

30. Which activities are likely to increase a firm's profit?
A. Increasing supplies and decreasing production
B. Increasing sales and decreasing expenses
C. Decreasing sales and increasing expenses
D. Decreasing supplies and increasing production

31. Which of the following is most likely to be a result of competition:
A. More monopolies
B. Reduction in product quality
C. High prices
D. Development of new products

32. Expressing empathy and being willing to help others are the aspects of emotional intelligence that relate to
A. self-management.
B. social awareness.
C. relationship management.
D. self-awareness.

33. Why is it sometimes difficult to be honest about strengths?
A. Few people have strengths.
B. No one likes to recognize strengths.
C. Weaknesses are more significant than strengths.
D. We don't want to brag.

34. The relationship between your traits and your personality can be described as
A. independent.
B. nonexistent.
C. interdependent.
D. indirect.

35. How can you let people know that you are really thinking about what they are saying?
A. By using clichés
B. By making jokes
C. By asking questions
D. By making comments

36. Most businesses consider initiative to be __________ for employees.
A. elective
B. optional
C. essential
D. irrelevant

37. Workers should demonstrate honest behavior on and off the job because they will
A. be more likely to receive promotions.
B. show that they can be trusted.
C. probably earn more money.
D. be less likely to have problems.

38. Ethical employees are responsible workers who can be counted on to
A. do whatever it takes to get ahead.
B. complete the tasks they start.
C. copy the actions of celebrities.
D. discuss personal issues with coworkers.

39. To take responsibility for your decisions and actions, it's important to build your self-confidence and
A. work portfolio.
B. grades.
C. self-esteem.
D. physical fitness.

40. Jana has a meeting with her boss for two hours at 10:00 Monday morning and is leading a videoconference at 4:30 that afternoon. Susan, a potential investor, calls Jana early Monday morning and says that she will be flying in from Portland at 11:30 a.m. After she picks up her rental car, Susan wants to meet with Jana early Monday afternoon. Jana knows that meetings with her boss tend to last longer than expected, and that Susan will have a 45-minute drive from the airport to her office. The investor could really help the company, so Jana feels that it is important to meet with Susan. What should Jana tell this important potential investor about meeting on Monday afternoon?
A. Tell Susan that Monday is a very bad day and suggest that they schedule a meeting the following week
B. Suggest that they meet for lunch at 1:15 p.m. at a restaurant located between the airport and her office
C. Ask Susan to meet her at her office at noon for a lunch meeting
D. Advise Susan that she can meet her at the airport lounge at 3:15 p.m.

41. How does communicating with others help you to maintain a positive attitude?
A. By providing you with support for your ideas
B. By helping you to feel understood
C. By allowing you to justify your opinions
D. By informing you about others' achievements

42. Should you be able to adjust to change more quickly over time?
A. Yes, the more change you cope with, the faster you adjust.
B. Yes, practicing adjusting to change makes it go faster.
C. No, adjusting to change takes most people very little time.
D. No, the length of time it takes depends on the kind of change.

43. One way that businesses can protect the privacy of their customers is to limit the number of employees who have access to the customers'
A. purchasing histories.
B. personal information.
C. identification codes.
D. telephone numbers.

44. Which of the following is central to the concept of empathy:
A. Respect for others
B. College degree in psychology
C. Friendship
D. Similar occupation

45. Ben and Tasha are coworkers who are applying for the same supervisory position in the company and now they are NOT speaking to each other. The reason for the conflict is
A. exclusion.
B. unclear boundaries.
C. authority.
D. unclear expectations.

46. If a leader takes ownership of a problem, makes sure it is fixed, and takes steps to prevent it from happening again, s/he is demonstrating
A. flexibility.
B. adaptability.
C. responsibility.
D. social awareness.

47. When you ask yourself, "What would I attempt to do if I knew I could not fail?", you are determining your
A. necessary resources.
B. aspirations.
C. reason for existing.
D. values.

48. When employees demonstrate adaptability, they are able to be
A. aggressive.
B. flexible.
C. honest.
D. creative.

49. What is the benefit of shared vision to an organization?
A. It creates an ethnocentric environment.
B. It ensures that the team's goals are achievable.
C. It serves as a guide for decision making.
D. It supports a groupthink attitude.

50. Employees who value differences in the workplace are more satisfied and increase the company's
A. benefits.
B. workforce.
C. productivity.
D. assets.
51. The disadvantage to using credit cards to pay for goods and services is that you
A. pay interest on purchases.
B. establish a credit rating.
C. earn quarterly dividends.
D. defer cash payments.

52. After Mrs. Green provided the cashier with $2.50 in cash and coins, she left the grocery store with a gallon of milk. In this situation, money is being used as a
A. bartering mechanism.
B. store of wealth.
C. negotiating tool.
D. medium of exchange.

53. Which of the following is NOT a concept related to the time value of money:
A. Opportunity cost
B. Scarcity
C. Interest rates
D. Future value

54. Under which of the following circumstances is a cosigner held legally responsible for paying the balance owed on a bank loan:
A. The borrower defaults on the loan.
B. The lender defaults on the loan.
C. The borrower's interest rate increases.
D. The lender's interest rate increases.

55. Choosing to buy an item at the check-out counter is often an example of
A. impulsive spending.
B. poor use of credit.
C. financial self-control.
D. smart shopping.

56. Your annual income, an inheritance, and the money from the sale of an asset are all considered events that contribute towards your
A. sales tax.
B. untaxable income.
C. tax loophole.
D. tax liability.

57. The following is written on the back of a check: “For deposit only; Maria Evans; Account #285655.” This is an example of a(n) __________ endorsement.
A. congruent
B. general
C. open
D. restrictive

58. When reconciling bank statements, it is important to consider
A. services not available online.
B. the number of transactions.
C. checks that have not cleared.
D. the types of payroll deposits.

59. On January 3, Anna mailed her credit card payment, which was due on January 5. The credit card issuer received the payment on January 7. What most likely appeared on Anna's credit card statement the following month?
A. Processing charge
B. Application charge
C. Late fee
D. Over-limit fee

60. When Stefanie receives her credit card statement at the end of the month, she sees that she was charged for a down payment on a new car that she hadn't purchased. Which of the following is NOT something she should do:
A. Call the car dealership
B. File a police report
C. Contact her credit card company
D. Check her credit report

61. Individuals are most likely to require the services of a mortgage company when they want to
A. invest in the stock market.
B. acquire liability insurance.
C. purchase real estate.
D. earn interest on savings.

62. Which of the following is a disadvantage of investing in bonds:
A. They are issued by corporations or governments.
B. Their returns do not keep up with inflation.
C. You must pay a penalty for early withdrawal.
D. They may take a long time to provide a return.

63. What must Preston Enterprises pay to the insurance company to maintain its business liability insurance?
A. Stipend
B. Commission
C. Fine
D. Premiums

64. Lucia, a business owner, just hired a new employee. What is one thing she should be sure to do on the employee's first day?
A. Let the employee work on trivial tasks for a few days so that s/he can ease into working.
B. Start the new employee on work right away so that s/he becomes accustomed to his/her job duties.
C. Provide the new employee with all the details of every project s/he will be working on.
D. Assign the new employee a mentor who can answer any questions s/he may have.

65. One principle on which the marketing concept is based is that a business should be able to meet its own goals when it
A. sells products at fair and reasonable prices.
B. focuses on the wants/needs of the business.
C. achieves maximum production.
D. demonstrates social responsibility.

66. Todd needs to develop an overall plan for his business but does not know what type of information to include in the document. Todd logs onto a search engine to quickly locate the information he needs. Which of the following search terms is most likely to provide Todd with desired search results:
A. Business plan elements
B. Develop planning document
C. Plan components
D. Business document components

67. Which of the following is an example of a business applying information to accomplish a task:
A. Conducting research on consumer preferences
B. Reviewing data on trends to develop new products
C. Developing questionnaires for local surveys
D. Examining promotional activities of competitors

68. Which of the following situations best demonstrates why businesses should retain their records:
A. A business is planning to send press releases to the local newspaper.
B. A business is planning to send anniversary cards to employees on the date of their employment.
C. A business is planning to sell out to another company.
D. A business is planning to use webinars for employee training.

69. Which of the following is a trend in information management:
A. Increased compliance laws and regulations
B. Decreased competition
C. Decreased number of electronic documents
D. Increased number of workers in the office

70. You cannot communicate with your computer without
A. Windows.
B. a wireless mouse.
C. an operating system.
D. a mobile device.

71. Claire receives a lot of email messages every day. One client has sent her a message requesting some information that won't be available to Claire until next week. What can Claire do to remind herself to send the client the information when it is available?
A. Forward the message to her supervisor
B. Flag the message for follow-up
C. Place the client's name in her address book
D. Move the message to her spam folder

72. Which of the following is the primary purpose of word-processing software programs:
A. To arrange numerical data
B. To create text documents
C. To maintain tables of data
D. To store business records

73. Which of the following computer functions enables a computer user to bring the text and the graphics from documents and spreadsheets created in other software programs into a presentation software program:
A. Caption
B. Import
C. Style
D. Draw

74. Zach is inputting numerical data into an electronic worksheet containing a series of rows and columns. What is Zach creating?
A. Spreadsheet
B. Presentation
C. Web ring
D. Business letter

75. Computer programs that allow businesses to manage all types of activities, such as inventory control and finance, are known as
A. wireless connectivity programs.
B. electronic communications programs.
C. interactive information display packages.
D. integrated software application packages.

76. What procedure should always be performed before posting a web page on a web server?
A. Apply for a patent to protect the web page contents from plagiarism
B. Consult an attorney to verify the accuracy of the web page legal content
C. Review the page to make sure the content meets international trade requirements
D. Test the page to identify broken links, missing images, or unclear instructions

77. Operations managers must work closely with managers and employees in
A. all other parts of the business.
B. the marketing department only.
C. competing businesses.
D. foreign markets.

78. Certain health and safety regulations require many types of businesses to
A. install security cameras.
B. purchase new machinery.
C. offer exercise programs.
D. routinely inspect equipment.

79. Workplace safety is primarily the responsibility of
A. insurance companies.
B. business management.
C. employers and employees.
D. human resource departments.

80. A common type of injury that can result from improper lifting is a
A. fall.
B. strain.
C. shock.
D. wound.

81. When a workplace security issue occurs, an employee should report the problem to the appropriate ________ agency.
A. health
B. fire prevention
C. law enforcement
D. welfare

82. Which of the following things should an employer do to prevent security breaches from occurring:
A. Allow all employees to have access to personal information.
B. There is no way to prevent security breaches from occurring.
C. Store information on highly secure computer systems.
D. Collect complete personal information from customers.

83. The most flexible document within a project plan is the
A. risk-management plan.
B. project schedule.
C. project scope.
D. quality-management plan.

84. Obtaining a line of goods for use in a business is one of the functions of
A. controlling.
B. selling.
C. organizing.
D. purchasing.

85. Why does Dan order extra copy paper, Post-it notes, and printer ink cartridges for the department when he places an order for office supplies?
A. To reduce the need to forecast
B. To ensure product quality
C. To meet minimal expectations
D. To prevent stockouts

86. Tony's Pizza Shop recently started making 100 more pizzas on Saturday evenings. This increase demonstrates an increase in
A. pricing.
B. distribution.
C. publicity.
D. production.

87. One of the reasons that organized workers are more efficient than disorganized workers is that organized workers have
A. their materials in order.
B. more experience.
C. better skills.
D. their careers well planned.

88. Which of the following is a goal that takes priority over other activities:
A. Performance goal
B. Effective goal
C. Learning goal
D. SMART goal

89. Which of the following is an example of paradigm innovation:
A. Energy-saving light bulbs
B. Windows computer operating system
C. The latest model of the Honda Civic
D. Rechargeable batteries

90. Which of the following should a person do first when facing the need to make a decision:
A. Evaluate information
B. Make a choice
C. Analyze results
D. Define the objective

91. Which of the following is an action that employees can take to meet their employer's expectations of honesty:
A. Accepting responsibility for mistakes
B. Completing assignments on time
C. Helping coworkers with problems
D. Looking for better ways to do the job

92. What should individuals consider when identifying occupations that are of interest to them?
A. Their personalities
B. Parents' occupations
C. Family history
D. Friends' opinions

93. Tony works for a large insurance company. His job is to support the company president, schedule his/her appointments, and answer his/her phone calls. Tony works in
A. operations management.
B. administrative services.
C. marketing communications.
D. human resource management.

94. A good way for a job applicant to make a favorable impression during a job interview is to
A. let the interviewer know that s/he expects to be hired.
B. lean back in his/her chair in a relaxed manner.
C. dress in the kind of clothes s/he would wear on the weekends.
D. show that s/he has been learning about the company.

95. Writing a follow-up letter after a job interview allows a job applicant the opportunity to
A. provide references and recommendations.
B. restate his/her interest in the position.
C. explain her/his training and experience.
D. describe personal strengths and weaknesses.

96. What type of information may be listed in the work experience section of a résumé if the person has had only a few paying jobs?
A. Career objectives
B. Technical training
C. Volunteer positions
D. Personal references

97. Which of the following often makes it necessary for workers to continue their education and obtain training to pursue different careers:
A. Changes in geography
B. Increases in responsibility
C. Advances in technology
D. Limits to confidentiality

98. Which of the following often presents an opportunity for current employees to be considered for a promotion:
A. Occupation is high paying.
B. Entry-level job is available.
C. New position is created.
D. Career is being revised.

99. When Caroline explains the company's rules of conduct to a new employee, she should also explain
A. who developed the rules.
B. the specific reasons for having all the rules.
C. the consequences of breaking the rules.
D. when the rules were implemented.

100. The number of levels of management that a business needs usually depends upon the
A. location of the facility.
B. age of the employees.
C. goals of the company.
D. size of the business.

/////
1. A
"S" corporation. This form of business ownership limits personal liability and offers a lower rate of
taxation. Profits go directly to stockholders who pay taxes as individuals. This avoids the problem of
double taxation on corporate profits. Partnerships offer lower tax rates but do not offer limited liability.
Open corporations and close corporations offer limited liability but do not offer lower tax rates.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: BL LAP 1—Own It Your Way (Types of Business Ownership)
2. D
Table of contents. When trying to locate specific information from a lengthy document or a book, it often
saves time to first look at the table of contents. The table of contents is the portion of the text in which the
sections are listed with their page numbers for easy access. For example, if Brandon wants to obtain
information about industry trends, he can look at the table of contents, find the section that discusses
trends, and turn to the designated page of the document to read the desired information. The
bibliography contains the citations or sources used to construct the primary document. The appendices
are the segments added to the end of the primary document that include supporting information. Some
research reports contain an analysis of the document's contents or research. By looking at the table of
contents, the reader can determine if the desired information is included in the appendices or analysis
sections of the report.
SOURCE: CO:055
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 460, 473].
Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
3. A
Following company procedures. Policies are the general rules to be followed by company personnel. For
example, a business owner may develop a policy that states the company will reimburse employees for
certain business-related expenses. A procedure is the step-by-step process that personnel follow in
performing a specific task. In the example, Luke was following certain steps to obtain reimbursement for
out-of-pocket expenses that he incurred—obtaining and completing the appropriate form, attaching
receipts, and submitting the documentation to his manager. In the example, Luke did not develop the
policies, evaluate company feedback, or assess company guidelines.
SOURCE: CO:057
SOURCE: Bizmanualz, Inc. (1999-2016). What's the difference between policies and procedures?
Retrieved August 11, 2016, from https://www.bizmanualz.com/write-better-policies/whatsthe-difference-between-policies-and-procedures.html
4. B
Nodding, smiling, and writing down the idea. By nodding, smiling, and writing down Kevin's idea, Kevin's
supervisor would indicate that he/she likes what Kevin said. The supervisor could also indicate his/her
support of Kevin's idea by asking follow-up questions, maintaining eye contact with Kevin, and
enthusiastically telling Kevin that he has provided a great idea. Sarcasm, frowning, crossing arms, and
cutting off the speaker are rude and unsupportive actions.
SOURCE: CO:082
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 54-56]. Upper
Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
5. B
Eliminating distractions. When Ramona focuses all her attention on the teacher's directions instead of on
the students whispering around her, she is eliminating distractions. Ideally, you should receive directions
in an area free of activity or noise, but that's not always possible. So, whenever you receive directions,
focus your attention on what the speaker is saying. This will make it easier for you to communicate and
get the directions right. In this situation, Ramona is not acknowledging directions, reaching consensus, or
recommending alternatives.
SOURCE: CO:119
SOURCE: QS LAP 24—Simon Says...

Test 1140

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

14

6. D
Articulation. Articulation is speaking distinctly and clearly and pronouncing words precisely. Proper
articulation is important in order to communicate exactly what you are trying to say to others. To have a
good speaking voice, you should use proper articulation and avoid mumbling, slurring, or mispronouncing
words. Grammar is the rules of language. Vocabulary is a list or collection of words. Documentation is the
use of printed materials to substantiate facts.
SOURCE: CO:147
SOURCE: Stapleton, S. (2012, November 19). Why being articulate is an essential business skill.
Retrieved August 11, 2016, from
https://www.simonstapleton.com/wordpress/2012/11/19/why-being-articulate-is-an-essentialbusiness-skill/
7. C
Facial expressions. Nonverbal cues are communication that involves the use of gestures or facial
expressions, rather than the use of words. Facial expressions usually are the most important aspect of
nonverbal cues or body language. For example, when people feel emotions such as happiness or anger,
those emotions are expressed through smiles, frowns, and eye patterns. It is easy to see that someone is
happy if s/he is smiling. Leg movements are a type of body language; however, they are not as effective
a way to interpret nonverbal cues. Clothing style and office decor are nonverbal cues also, but they are
not as easy to interpret as facial expressions.
SOURCE: CO:059
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 54-56]. Upper
Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
8. D
Thank you for your interest in XWQ products. Please let me know if you have any additional questions.
The purpose of an inquiry is to obtain information. Because businesses receive inquiries from customers,
vendors, and business associates on a regular basis, employees must be prepared to respond in an
accurate, prompt, and courteous manner. When closing an email message, it is courteous to thank
customers for asking about the business and its products. And, by encouraging the customer to ask
additional questions, the employee is indicating his/her interest in the customer. There is not enough
information in the example to determine if the customer placed an order, had a problem with an invoice,
or requested product color information. The sentence, "Reply by email with the color that you want,"
could be interpreted as rude and unprofessional.
SOURCE: CO:060
SOURCE: Oyedotun, A. (2012, June 23). How to answer emails professionally (with examples).
Retrieved on August 11, 2016, from http://www.business2community.com/strategy/how-toanswer-emails-professionally-with-examples-0197518#8JspCUwpMYqskB59.97
9. D
Agree on ground rules. Once you know your group's purpose, you can (as a group) lay some simple
ground rules for appropriate behavior during the discussion. Finding out what people know about the
subject and contributing in a useful way occur later in the process. Volunteering a new idea is a
discussion tool for contributing in an open-minded way.
SOURCE: CO:053
SOURCE: QS LAP 29—Put In Your Two Cents
10. B
Use abbreviations and symbols. Developing a system of and writing down abbreviations and symbols
(i.e., shorthand) is much quicker than writing out long phrases and complete sentences. For example, to
remember a very important point, Allison might place a star or asterisk by a key word, short phrase, or
abbreviation. After the seminar, Allison can refer to her shorthand notes and write more comprehensive
notes for future use. Writing on note cards, focusing on subtopics, and asking the speaker to provide
handouts will not help Allison take accurate notes in real time.
SOURCE: CO:085
SOURCE: Pearson Education. (2000-2014). Taking notes. Retrieved August 11, 2016, from
http://www.factmonster.com/homework/studyskills2.html

Test 1140

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

15

11. A
Flowchart. Some graphics that are used in business reports are textual (text-oriented) because their
content is presented in the form of words and numbers. An example of a textual graphic is a flowchart
that presents the sequence of activities in a process. A common flowchart is an organizational chart that
depicts the hierarchy of positions and departments within an organization. Pictographs, maps, and pie
charts are considered visual graphics rather than textual graphics. Although they may contain some
words and numbers, they also contain visuals such as bars, columns, and drawings.
SOURCE: CO:087
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 378-379].
Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
12. D
Open with a positive statement. An effective way to relay bad news in written form is to present good
news, bad news, and then good news. This process would ease the blow of credit rejection and help to
create goodwill. No apology is necessary since the business is following routine procedure and is not
responsible for the customer's credit rating. The bad news is presented after a positive opening
statement. The credit application is the subject of the letter and must be mentioned.
SOURCE: CO:016
SOURCE: Writingcommons.org. (2016, April 12). Delivering a negative news message. Retrieved
August 11, 2016, from http://writingcommons.org/open-text/genres/professional-businessand-technical-writing/business-writing-in-action/negative-news-crisis-communication/826delivering-a-negative-news-message
13. D
Refer to the appropriate publisher's style manual. To provide consistency throughout written documents,
certain businesses or industries often follow a specific writing style, such as Associated Press (AP) or
Chicago Manual. Each style varies and often uses different styles and standards. For example, one style
may italicize book titles and another style may underscore book titles. Most style publishers post style
information on their websites, as well as in physical manuals or reference books. The best way to verify a
specific style or format is to consult the publisher's manual or website. Coworkers, dictionaries, and
readers are not the most reliable sources for publishing styles and standards.
SOURCE: CO:089
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. A-21]. Upper
Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
14. B
Come right to the point. The opening paragraph of a business letter should explain the reason for writing
and come right to the point. Effective business letters do not waste the reader's time by providing a lot of
unnecessary information, but they immediately come to the point and capture the reader's attention. The
letter does not need to be formal, but it should contain specific details and have personal appeal for the
reader.
SOURCE: CO:133
SOURCE: Xerox.com. (2016). Writing an effective business letter. Retrieved August 11, 2016, from
http://www.office.xerox.com/small-business/tips/business-letter/enus.html
15. D
Request appointments. Salespeople write letters of request or inquiry for a variety of reasons. One
reason is to schedule appointments with customers who are in a different city. When planning a business
trip, salespeople often write letters to set up appointments with customers in order to make sure that the
customers will be available. An advantage of writing letters is that the customers usually acknowledge the
appointment with another letter. Then, both parties have a hard copy to remind them of the date and time
of the appointment. Letters of inquiry ask for something rather than explain requirements, transmit
information, or develop goodwill.
SOURCE: CO:040
SOURCE: Sample-resignation-letters.com. (2016). Writing an appointment request letter to client.
Retrieved August 11, 2016, from http://www.sample-resignation-letters.com/writing-anappointment-request-letter-to-client-with-sample.html

Test 1140

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

16

16. C
Face-to-face meeting. When a supervisor must address a sensitive, personal, or confidential issue (e.g.,
salary) with an employee, it is best to discuss the issue in a private, face-to-face meeting. Company
newsletters, telephone conference calls, and staff memos are appropriate ways to communicate and
share pertinent information with several people at one time.
SOURCE: CO:092
SOURCE: Forbis, A. (n.d.). A few simple rules for dealing with difficult people at work. Retrieved August
11, 2016, from http://www.training.oa.mo.gov/solutionsarchive/Solutions4fall03.pdf
17. C
To develop ad campaigns for clients. Account executives often participate in meetings with clients and
other advertising agency staff to develop ad campaigns for the clients. The purpose of the meeting is to
identify the clients' advertising needs, discuss ways of satisfying those needs, and design a successful
campaign. In many cases, there are problems to solve because the client may have a limited advertising
budget or specific requirements for the campaign. Account executives usually do not schedule production
facilities. Media buyers are responsible for placing ads. Copywriters write copy for promotional brochures.
These activities often take place after the meeting phase in order to implement the ad campaign.
SOURCE: CO:067
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 46]. Upper
Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
18. A
Handling problems. Problems and complaints should not be avoided but looked at as opportunities to
demonstrate a customer-service mindset. Most customers will tell others about problems they have with
the business, but they will also tell how quickly and satisfactorily their problems or complaints were
resolved. These customers will likely return to the business, in spite of previous problems, because they
know employees will resolve whatever problems arise. Employees do not need to demonstrate a
customer-service mindset when placing orders, contacting suppliers, and preparing schedules because
customers are not involved in these situations.
SOURCE: CR:004
SOURCE: CR LAP 4—Set Your Mind to It (Customer-Service Mindset)
19. D
To provide service. Employees need to be able to communicate effectively with customers in order to
provide them with the service they require. If customers have questions or concerns about the business,
employees should be able to provide the answers or the appropriate information. For example,
employees should be able to answer a customer's questions about the business's credit policies or
handle a complaint about a product. Effective communication helps to provide service and to create a
good impression of the business. Employees do not communicate information about the business to
customers in order to promote teamwork, display integrity, or build morale.
SOURCE: CR:005
SOURCE: Richards, L. (2016). Effective communication in customer service. Retrieved August 12,
2016, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/effective-communication-customer-service4806.html
20. B
Promotional. Businesses develop promotional policies to govern such activities as contests, coupons,
prizes, and special events intended to attract customers and to increase sales. Product policies involve
the kinds of products that businesses decide to offer for sale. Employee policies explain how employees
are to act and how they are to deal with customers. Service policies involve special features, such as
repairs and delivery, that businesses offer to encourage customers to choose the business rather than
another.
SOURCE: CR:007
SOURCE: Businessdictionary.com. (2016). Promotional policy. Retrieved August 12, 2016, from
http://www.businessdictionary.com/definition/promotional-policy.html

Test 1140

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

17

21. D
Disagreeable. These customers are unpleasant and hard to help because they are argumentative,
complaining, irritable, moody, insulting, impatient, and/or have a leave-me-alone attitude. If the
domineering/superior customers are properly handled, they will usually convince or sell themselves.
Although suspicious customers are hard to help and difficult to change, they can become your most loyal
customers. The slow/methodical customer is easy to handle but requires a lot of time before making a
buying decision.
SOURCE: CR:009
SOURCE: CR LAP 9—Making Mad Glad (Handling Difficult Customers)
22. A
Listen to the customers to understand their concerns. The first thing an employee should do is to listen to
the customer to try to determine the reason for the complaint. If employees fully understand their
customers' complaints, they will be better able to solve the problem. Employees should express empathy,
but they should not take customers' complaints as personal attacks against them. It is not always
possible to give customers whatever they want to make them happy. In some situations, the business
and the customer may need to compromise. Stating the business's policies before listening to the
customers' complaints may frustrate the customers and make them angry.
SOURCE: CR:010
SOURCE: CR LAP 10—Righting Wrongs (Handling Customer Complaints)
23. A
Henderson Photography…uniquely capturing your special moments is our priority. The brand promise is
a company's agreement (spoken or unspoken) with customers that it will consistently meet their
expectations and deliver on its brand characteristics and values. Henderson Photography tells you
exactly what you can expect every time you purchase its services—unique photos to capture special
moments. Fred's Furniture is offering sale prices for a limited time. The business offering credit terms to
qualified customers has also placed time restrictions on its offer and has limited the offer to some rather
than all customers. Rather than a brand promise, the businesses are using promotion. Cup O' Joe's is
communicating the convenience of having four locations.
SOURCE: CR:001
SOURCE: Hinge. (2016, January 4). Elements of a successful brand 4: Brand promise. Retrieved
August 12, 2016, from
http://hingemarketing.com/library/article/elements_of_a_successful_brand_4_brand_promise
/?pivot/archive/2007-06/index.html
24. C
Assembly line worker. A manufacturing plant, a warehouse, and production equipment are all capital
resources. These are assets used to produce a good or service. An assembly line worker is not a capital
resource. Instead, s/he is a human resource—a person who works to produce a good.
SOURCE: EC:003
SOURCE: EC LAP 14—Be Resourceful (Economic Resources)
25. C
Making economic decisions. Economics is the process of deciding how to obtain the greatest satisfaction
with limited incomes, land, property, and natural resources. Foreign trade, production, and financing the
national debt are activities that require ongoing economic evaluation and decision making.
SOURCE: EC:001
SOURCE: EC LAP 6—Are You Satisfied? (Economics and Economic Activities)
26. D
Inelastic. Inelastic demand exists if the demand for a good or service is constant, even if the product's
price changes. Some products are considered necessities that consumers must purchase regardless of
their cost. For most consumers, gasoline is a necessity because they need to drive their cars. Elastic
demand changes when prices change. Discretionary and inessential are not terms commonly used to
describe demand.
SOURCE: EC:005
SOURCE: EC LAP 11—It's the Law (Supply and Demand)

Test 1140

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

18

27. B
Buy less of the product. Likewise, if customers feel that the price is relatively low, they will buy more.
Customers affect prices of products through the use of their economic votes—by deciding to buy or not to
buy. Most retail prices are not negotiable or of interest to the Better Business Bureau, which tries to
protect consumers from fraud. Many customers will complain about prices, but few would take the time to
make a formal, written complaint.
SOURCE: EC:006
SOURCE: EC LAP 12—When More Is Less (Functions of Prices)
28. A
Purchasing. Molly works in purchasing, the part of operations that ensures the business will have the
goods and services needed to keep production going and business running smoothly. Financial analysis
refers to obtaining necessary funds and keeping accurate and complete financial records. Marketing
involves everything related to fulfilling customers' product needs. Human resources management
involves all the tasks and issues related to keeping the business staffed.
SOURCE: EC:071
SOURCE: EC LAP 19—Strictly Business (Business Activities)
29. A
Receive higher salaries. In a private enterprise system, an unequal distribution of income exists because
workers with high levels of education, training, skills, and efficiency generally receive higher salaries than
less qualified workers. Some people own a great deal of property while others own little or none because
they do not have the money to buy it. Skilled workers may also pay higher taxes, belong to a union, or
work longer hours, but those factors do not affect the distribution of property and income.
SOURCE: EC:009
SOURCE: EC LAP 15—People Power (The Private Enterprise System)
30. B
Increasing sales and decreasing expenses. Increasing sales and decreasing expenses are two activities
likely to increase a firm's profit. Supplies are materials needed to produce a product—not an activity for
increasing profit. Production is the process of producing the product. Increasing production may help to
increase profit, but only if sales of the product increase.
SOURCE: EC:010
SOURCE: EC LAP 2—Risk Rewarded (Factors Affecting Profit)
31. D
Development of new products. Competition encourages businesses to develop new products in order to
meet consumers' needs. Businesses feel that the company which best satisfies consumers will be the
most successful company. Competition helps to control prices because businesses must keep prices in
line with production costs in order to be competitive. Businesses must also maintain or improve product
quality to be competitive. A monopoly exists when a market is controlled by one supplier, and there are
no substitute goods or services readily available. No competition exists in a true monopoly.
SOURCE: EC:012
SOURCE: EC LAP 8—Ready, Set, Compete! (Competition)
32. B
Social awareness. Social awareness, self-awareness, self-management, and relationship management
are the four primary areas of emotional intelligence. The aspect of emotional intelligence in which you
know and understand the emotions of others is called social awareness. Being socially aware involves
the ability to "step into another person's shoes" (expressing empathy) and being willing to help or serve
others. It also involves the ability to see the bigger picture, which is organizational awareness. Selfawareness refers to knowing your own emotions. Self-management is the ability to manage your own
emotions. Relationship management is the ability to manage the emotions of others.
SOURCE: EI:001
SOURCE: EI LAP 6—EQ and You (Emotional Intelligence)

Test 1140

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

19

33. D
We don't want to brag. It's sometimes difficult to be honest about strengths. We don't want to seem as if
we're bragging or stuck up. However, recognizing our talents, abilities, and the things we do well is a
healthy and acceptable thing to do. Everyone has strengths. Weaknesses are not more significant than
strengths.
SOURCE: EI:002
SOURCE: EI LAP 17—Assess for Success (Assessing Personal Strengths and Weaknesses)
34. C
Interdependent. The relationship between your traits and your personality can be described as
interdependent. All of your traits interact to give you your own unique personality. Each trait influences,
either directly or indirectly, your other traits. Therefore, they are interdependent—dependent upon one
another.
SOURCE: EI:018
SOURCE: EI LAP 9—You've Got Personality (Personality Traits in Business)
35. C
By asking questions. By asking appropriate questions, you show that you are doing more than just
making comments and listening. Your questions tell people that you want more information about the
topic and that you are really thinking about the information being given. Making jokes or answering with
clichés, such as "really," indicates you are not listening well or taking the speaker seriously.
SOURCE: EI:020
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J. V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [pp. 53-54]. Upper
Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
36. C
Essential. Initiative is extremely important to workers in all types of occupations. Many employees are
required to carry out their duties and responsibilities independently with little direct supervision. This
means that initiative cannot be an elective or optional choice for employees but a necessity to success. It
is, therefore, very relevant.
SOURCE: EI:024
SOURCE: EI LAP 2—Hustle! (Taking Initiative at Work)
37. B
Show that they can be trusted. Honesty and integrity are personality traits that others respect. An honest
worker usually gains the respect and trust of coworkers and of customers. Honest behavior does not
guarantee higher wages, promotions, or freedom from problems.
SOURCE: EI:022
SOURCE: EI LAP 138—Sincerely Yours (Demonstrating Honesty and Integrity)
38. B
Complete the tasks they start. Ethical employees are responsible workers who adhere to a standard of
appropriate employee behavior. They can be counted on to complete the tasks they start. They do not do
whatever it takes to get ahead, or copy the actions of celebrities if those actions are unethical. They do
not discuss personal issues with coworkers on company time.
SOURCE: EI:004
SOURCE: EI LAP 4—Work Right (Demonstrating Ethical Work Habits)
39. C
Self-esteem. To take responsibility for your decisions and actions, it's important to build your selfconfidence and self-esteem. Self-esteem is respect you have for yourself. When you respect yourself,
you want to take responsibility for your life. Good grades, a strong work portfolio, and physical fitness are
wonderful things, but you can still take responsibility without having them.
SOURCE: EI:075
SOURCE: EI LAP 75—It's Up to You (Taking Responsibility for Decisions and Actions)

Test 1140

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

20

40. B
Suggest that they meet for lunch at 1:15 p.m. at a restaurant located between the airport and her office.
Managing your commitments in a timely manner means that you allow yourself enough time to complete
important tasks. An important aspect of allowing yourself enough time to complete tasks is making sure
that you "pad" your time in case unexpected situations occur that require immediate attention. In Jana's
case, she has several important commitments in one day. It is important for Jana to meet with Susan
because she could provide the business with needed financial support. The best way for Jana to handle
the situation is to suggest they meet for lunch between the airport and Jana's office at 1:15. This way, if
Jana's meeting with her boss goes a few minutes longer than expected, she still has time to arrive for her
meeting with Susan on time. Susan will have a rental car, so transportation is not an issue for her. It may
not be convenient for Susan to meet with Jana the following week. Because Susan arrives at 11:30 a.m.
and has a 45-minute drive from the airport, she could not meet at Jana's office at noon. A late meeting at
the airport will not allow Jana enough time to get back to the office to lead her videoconference at 4:30
p.m.
SOURCE: EI:077
SOURCE: Huff, L. (2015, January 19). Time management Monday: Padding your schedule. Retrieved
August 12, 2016, from http://quovadisblog.com/2015/01/time-management-monday-paddingyour-schedule/
41. B
By helping you to feel understood. Sharing the good and bad of life with others helps you to understand
them and to feel understood yourself. Feeling understood supports your positive attitude, while feeling
misunderstood leads to a negative attitude. Others will not always support your ideas or agree with your
opinions even if you can justify them. Learning about others' achievements may tend to make you feel
negative if you allow yourself to be overly impressed by them.
SOURCE: EI:019
SOURCE: EI LAP 3—Opt for Optimism (Positive Attitude)
42. D
No, the length of time it takes depends on the kind of change. Don't expect your adjustment to change to
take place overnight. The length of time it takes to adjust will depend upon the kind of change that has
occurred. Practicing adjusting may make it easier but not faster. Different people require varying amounts
of time to adjust to change.
SOURCE: EI:026
SOURCE: DuBrin, A. (2010). Leadership: Research findings, practice, and skills (6th ed.) [pp. 46, 216].
Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
43. B
Personal information. Many businesses gather personal information about their customers that they store
in a database. This might include information about a customer's credit rating, financial status, education,
etc. Such information should be available only to employees who need to know it in order to do their jobs.
Businesses should limit the number of employees who have access to customers' personal information in
order to protect the privacy of their customers and prevent unauthorized persons from obtaining and
using this information. A customer's telephone number, purchasing history, and identification code are
types of routine business information that usually are not considered to be private.
SOURCE: EI:029
SOURCE: Bovée, C.L., & Thill, J.V. (2008). Business communication today (9th ed.) [p. 172]. Upper
Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
44. A
Respect for others. Genuine respect for others and their individual differences is central to the concept of
empathy—the ability to put yourself in another person's place. You do not need a college degree to feel
empathy. Friendship enhances empathy but is not necessary to it. The area or situation may not be work
related, so a similar occupation is not necessary.
SOURCE: EI:030
SOURCE: EI LAP 12—Have a Heart (Showing Empathy for Others)

Test 1140

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

21

45. C
Authority. Conflicts occur for many reasons. Power struggles can arise when people want to control, or
be in charge of, the same situation. In the example, Ben and Tasha want the same job, so the reason for
their disagreement is authority. Disagreements about what constitutes appropriate behavior are conflicts
due to unclear boundaries. When people don't know what they're supposed to do, or what someone else
expects them to do, the conflict is due to unclear expectations. Exclusion is a reason for a conflict that
stems from a feeling of being left out of an activity.
SOURCE: EI:015
SOURCE: EI LAP 7—Stop the Madness (Conflict Resolution in Business)
46. C
Responsibility. Fulfilling one's obligations in a dependable, reliable manner is known as responsibility,
and it is an important leadership characteristic. When a leader is responsible, s/he takes ownership of
problems, makes sure they are fixed, and takes steps to prevent them from happening again. Flexibility,
also called adaptability, is the ability to adapt to changes as they occur. Social awareness is the ability to
know and understand others' emotions; it is part of emotional intelligence.
SOURCE: EI:009
SOURCE: EI LAP 16—Lead the Way (Concept of Leadership)
47. B
Aspirations. When you ask yourself, "What would I attempt to do if I knew I could not fail?", you are
determining your aspirations. Your aspirations are the biggest, most lofty dreams you can imagine. The
answer to the question does not determine necessary resources, a reason for existing, or values.
SOURCE: EI:063
SOURCE: QS LAP 11—Picture This (Determining Vision)
48. B
Flexible. Flexibility is the ability to adapt to changes as they occur. When employees are demonstrating
adaptability, they are able to be flexible and adjust to changing conditions. When employees demonstrate
adaptability, they are not necessarily being aggressive, honest, or creative.
SOURCE: EI:006
SOURCE: EI LAP 23—Go With the Flow (Demonstrating Adaptability)
49. C
It serves as a guide for decision making. When a shared vision exists, all members of the organization
understand and support the organization's purpose. Successful organizations set goals and make
decisions to fulfill the organization's purpose, which is based on the vision. A shared vision does not
ensure that goals are achievable. Groupthink is a form of extreme cohesiveness that occurs when
individuality and independent thinking within the group are discouraged. Ethnocentrism is the belief that
your own culture is naturally better than other cultures. Unattainable goals, ethnocentrism, and
groupthink tend to create circumstances that hinder an organization's ability to achieve its purpose.
SOURCE: EI:060
SOURCE: EI LAP 60—Vision Quest (Enlisting Others in Vision)
50. C
Productivity. Workers who feel good about the workplace are more motivated and more productive. This
means that both the workers and the business benefit, since greater productivity usually means more
income for the workers and more profits for the business. Assets are the property owned by the
company, such as real estate, equipment, and inventory. Workforce is the total number of workers
employed by a company. Benefits are the extras provided by businesses, such as vacation time, sick
leave, retirement, medical insurance, and stock options.
SOURCE: EI:036
SOURCE: EI LAP 36—Everyone's Worthy (Treating Others With Dignity and Respect)

Test 1140

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

22

51. A
Pay interest on purchases. Credit is the arrangement by which individuals or businesses can purchase
now and pay later. Many types of businesses (e.g., banks, large retailers) offer credit cards to consumers
and businesses to purchase goods and services. Usually, the credit card issuer sends the credit card
holder a monthly statement. The information on the statement includes a list of the purchases made
during the billing cycle and the amount owed for the purchases, which includes the interest charges. If
the credit card holder pays the minimum amount due, the amount of interest owed accumulates on the
balance due until the debt is paid off. Because interest rates can be high, this can be a disadvantage to
the credit card holder. It is important to establish a good credit rating in order to borrow money in the
future from other lenders. Therefore, establishing a credit rating is not necessarily a disadvantage. Credit
card holders do not earn quarterly dividends on their credit cards. Temporary deferment of cash payment
is an advantage to credit card holders.
SOURCE: FI:058
SOURCE: Audette, J. (2016). What is a credit card? Retrieved August 12, 2016, from
https://www.nerdwallet.com/blog/nerdscholar/credit-card/
52. D
Medium of exchange. A medium of exchange is something of value that can be used to obtain goods and
services. Money is a common form of exchange. Individuals, businesses, and governments use money to
purchase the products (e.g., milk) they need. When money is saved rather than spent, it is functioning as
a means of accumulating wealth. Negotiating is the process of resolving a disagreement. Bartering
involves trading one good or service for another good or service.
SOURCE: FI:060
SOURCE: Study.com. (2016). Money as a medium of exchange. Retrieved August 12, 2016, from
http://study.com/academy/lesson/money-as-a-medium-of-exchange-definition-functionexamples.html
53. B
Scarcity. Scarcity of resources has little to do with the time value of money. It's relevant to a discussion of
pricing or economic resources. The time value of money is a measure of its opportunity cost, or what the
spender is foregoing by spending now instead of saving. Interest rates are a measure of that opportunity
cost. Future value is the value of money at some future point.
SOURCE: FI:062
SOURCE: Ryan, J.S. (2008). Personal finance literacy (p. 68). Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage
Learning.
54. A
The borrower defaults on the loan. When borrowers agree to a loan, they are making a legal contractual
agreement to pay back the loan in a certain manner within a specific period of time. When the borrower
does not have the collateral or credit history to obtain the loan, the lender often requests that another
person cosign for the loan. A cosigner is responsible for paying the loan if the borrower defaults on it,
which means the borrower does not make the scheduled payments to the lender. Changes in interest
rates do not affect a cosigner's legal responsibility for paying the balance owed on a loan.
SOURCE: FI:063
SOURCE: Kapoor, J.R., Dlabay, L.R., & Hughes, R.J. (2009). Personal finance (9th ed.) [pp. 181-182].
New York: McGraw-Hill Irwin.
55. A
Impulsive spending. Choosing to buy an item at the check-out counter is a classic example of impulsive
spending. Poor use of credit may or may not be involved. Choosing not to buy the item would illustrate
financial control and would be a good example of smart shopping.
SOURCE: FI:065
SOURCE: QS LAP 31—Set Yourself Up (Setting Financial Goals)

Test 1140

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

23

56. D
Tax liability. A tax liability is tax that a person or business must pay the government. Certain events, like
annual income, an inheritance, and money from the sale of an asset, are taxable. Since citizens must pay
money on these sources of income, it is not untaxable income or a tax loophole. Sales tax is a type of tax
that is paid on the sale of goods and services.
SOURCE: FI:067
SOURCE: Tax liability. (2014). Retrieved August 12, 2016, from
http://www.investopedia.com/terms/t/taxliability.asp
57. D
Restrictive. Banks require checks to be endorsed before processing. Endorsement involves signing the
back of the check, which allows the funds to be transferred from the check source to the payee. There
are different types of endorsements. A restrictive endorsement limits how the check can be processed. In
the example, the check can only be deposited to the endorser's (Maria) specified account. The check
cannot be cashed or placed into another account. A general endorsement allows the endorser to cash
the check or deposit it into the account of his/her choice—there are no restrictions placed on the funds
transfer. Open and congruent endorsements are fictitious terms.
SOURCE: FI:560
SOURCE: About.com. (2016, June 16). How to endorse checks. Retrieved August 12, 2016, from
http://banking.about.com/od/checkingaccounts/a/endorse_checks.htm
58. C
Checks that have not cleared. Reconciling bank statements involves comparing the entries in a
checkbook with the entries listed on the bank statement. In many cases, the balance will be different
because checks have been written that have not cleared the bank. Therefore, these amounts will not
appear on the bank statement. To verify the actual amount in the account, it is necessary to subtract the
checks that have not cleared from the balance listed on the bank statement. When reconciling bank
statements, it is not necessary to consider the number of transactions, services not available online, or
the types of payroll deposits.
SOURCE: FI:070
SOURCE: Miranda, K. (2016). How do I reconcile a bank statement? Retrieved August 12, 2016, from
http://smallbusiness.chron.com/reconcile-bank-statement-1641.html
59. C
Late fee. Credit card issuers often charge late fees for payments that do not arrive on time. Some credit
card issuers charge application fees, which involves billing a customer for applying for credit. Processing
fees are charges to complete certain activities. Over-limit fees are charges applied for credit transactions
that go over or exceed the credit card holder's credit limit.
SOURCE: FI:071
SOURCE: Irby, L. (2016, July 24). Four consequences of a late credit card payment. Retrieved August
12, 2016, from http://credit.about.com/od/usingcreditcards/a/latecardpayment.htm
60. A
Call the car dealership. It is more important for her to contact the credit agency and have them contact
the dealership. She should file a police report immediately, because doing so will allow her to take legal
action against the identity thief. Checking her credit report to make sure that it has not been affected is
also something she should immediately do.
SOURCE: FI:073
SOURCE: FTC.gov. (2016). Identity theft. Retrieved August 12, 2016, from
https://www.consumer.ftc.gov/articles/0005-identity-theft

Test 1140

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

24

61. C
Purchase real estate. Mortgages are loans specifically designed for the purchase of real estate—land,
residences, and other types of buildings. Individuals may want to purchase a home to live in or an
apartment building to lease to others. Apartment buildings allow individuals to generate income by renting
apartment space to others. To transfer risk, individuals purchase various types of insurance from
insurance companies. To invest in the stock market, an individual is likely to consult with a stockbroker or
a financial planner. Deposit-taking institutions (e.g., retail banks) provide savings accounts on which
individuals can earn interest.
SOURCE: FI:075
SOURCE: Arthur, L., & Bailey, H. (n.d.). What is a mortgage company? Retrieved August 12, 2016,
from http://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-a-mortgage-company.htm
62. D
They may take a long time to provide a return. Bonds are considered safe, reliable investments.
However, the trade-off is that the investor must be willing to leave her/his money with the bond issuer for
a long time before receiving the return. The rate of this return will not necessarily be lower than the rate
of inflation. There is no penalty for early withdrawal from a bond—you just miss out on the return you
would have gotten if you had left your money in it. Bonds are issued by corporations or governments, but
this is not necessarily a disadvantage.
SOURCE: FI:077
SOURCE: FI LAP 77—Invest for Success (Types of Investments)
63. D
Premiums. Insurance premiums are the fees that the insured pays to the insurer to obtain insurance
coverage. A commission is a percentage of the total sale amount paid to the individual or business that
makes the sale. A fine is a monetary sum paid to a government agency when an individual or business
violates a law. A stipend is a fixed sum of money paid as a salary or allowance.
SOURCE: FI:081
SOURCE: Investopedia. (2015). Premium. Retrieved August 12, 2016, from
http://www.investopedia.com/terms/p/premium.asp
64. D
Assign the new employee a mentor who can answer any questions s/he may have. One simple way to
make an employee feel comfortable is to assign a mentor. The mentor doesn't need to be the employee's
direct supervisor—it just needs to be someone who can show the new employee the ropes. It will help
the new employee to have one ready-made friend who can show her/him around. Lucia should provide
some sort of orientation for the new employee before s/he starts working. There are many important
things the employee will need to know about the company's policies and his/her benefits. Although it is
important to make sure the employee has information about the projects s/he is working on, Lucia won't
want to overwhelm the new employee with too much information on the first day. It's also important not to
give the employee busy work that doesn't fit into his/her job description. After all, that's not why the
employee was hired, and this won't help the new employee become more comfortable at work.
SOURCE: HR:360
SOURCE: Moss, S. (2016, January 26). How to assign employee mentors during new-hire onboarding.
Retrieved August 12, 2016, from http://blog.viperks.net/how-to-assign-employee-mentorsduring-new-hire-onboarding
65. A
Sells products at fair and reasonable prices. The marketing concept is a philosophy of conducting
business based on the belief that all business activities should be aimed toward satisfying consumer
wants and needs while achieving company goals. When a business sets reasonable prices, customers
want to buy the products, and the company meets its goal of making a profit. Achieving maximum
production and demonstrating social responsibility do not guarantee that the business will meet its goals.
Focusing on the business's wants/needs is contrary to the marketing concept.
SOURCE: MK:001
SOURCE: MK LAP 4—Have It Your Way! (Nature of Marketing)

Test 1140

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

25

66. A
Business plan elements. To retrieve the most applicable results from an Internet search engine, a
computer user should enter terms into the query field that are most likely to bring up the desired
information. "Business plan elements" are words that are most likely to retrieve the information Todd
needs to include in his business plan. If Todd is not satisfied with the results that his initial search returns,
he could use search terms such as "business plan components" or "business plan parts." The remaining
search terms are too general and would likely not provide the information Todd desires on the first few
pages of the results, which would reduce Todd's efficiency in retrieving the desired information.
SOURCE: NF:078
SOURCE: Google.com. (n.d.). How to search on Google. Retrieved August 12, 2016, from
https://support.google.com/websearch/answer/134479?hl=en
67. B
Reviewing data on trends to develop new products. Simply obtaining information is not useful unless the
business applies the information to accomplish a task. Reviewing data on trends for the purpose of
developing new products is an example of applying information. The data give the business an idea of
what type of new product customers might want and need. Then, the business develops a product based
on the information. Conducting research, developing questionnaires, and examining promotional
activities are methods of obtaining information. However, they do not involve applying the information to
accomplish a task.
SOURCE: NF:080
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. xlix). Columbus,
OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
68. C
A business is planning to sell out to another company. When businesses merge or sell out to other
companies, they need to provide records to prove their value to the other companies. Although
businesses might retain documentation of employee anniversaries, press releases, and training plans,
these records have less significance than records needed to provide proof of a business's income,
expenses, and capital investments.
SOURCE: NF:081
SOURCE: Omar, S. (2004-2011). What every small business owner should know about record
retention. Retrieved August 12, 2016, from
http://www.isnare.com/?aid=298230&ca=Business
69. A
Increased compliance laws and regulations. Now, more than ever, the government is cracking down on
corporate dishonesty. Companies must adhere to an increased number of compliance laws and
regulations, and an appropriate information management program is a big part of that. Other trends in
information management include increased competition, an increased number of electronic documents,
and a decreased number of workers in the office.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: NF LAP 110—In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
70. C
An operating system. An operating system is the program that manages and supports the hardware and
software on a computer. It lets you “communicate” with your computer. You do not need a wireless
mouse or a mobile device to communicate with your computer. Windows is just one operating system;
you can also use others.
SOURCE: NF:085
SOURCE: Goodwill Community Foundation. (1998-2016). What is an operating system? Retrieved
August 12, 2016, from http://www.gcflearnfree.org/computerbasics/understanding-operatingsystems/1/

Test 1140

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

26

71. B
Flag the message for follow-up. The follow-up function reminds the message recipient to follow up with
the message at a later time. Some email programs such as Outlook provide color-coded flags so users
can "flag" the message, so it stands out from other messages. When the follow-up is complete, the user
can place a checkmark in the follow-up/flag field to remind him/her that s/he has completed the follow-up.
The forward function allows the message recipient to send the message to another person. Sending the
message to her supervisor will not help Claire to remember to follow up with the client—and her
supervisor should not do Claire's work for her. Spam is junk mail. Putting the message in her spam folder
and placing the client's contact information in the address book will not help Claire remember to send the
requested information when it is available.
SOURCE: NF:004
SOURCE: Microsoft. (2016). Flag an item for follow up. Retrieved August 12, 2016, from
https://support.office.com/en-us/article/Flag-an-item-for-follow-up-7b0f0c0e-21a6-41f0-96de2cbda41e7eb1
72. B
To create text documents. The primary purpose of word-processing software programs is to create text
documents, although some have limited graphic capabilities. Businesses use word-processing software
programs to write letters, memos, reports, business plans, sales contracts, etc. There are many different
word-processing software programs available that enable businesses to create, edit, and store important
text documents. Although many word-processing programs allow users to develop tables and include
numerical data, these functions are not the primary purpose of word-processing software programs.
Spreadsheet software programs are used to organize numerical information. Database software
programs are used to maintain various types and tables of data, such as important business records.
SOURCE: NF:007
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2009). Marketing essentials (p. 199). Woodland
Hills, CA: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
73. B
Import. The import function enables the computer user to copy or download graphics from other locations
(e.g., other software programs and websites) to slides in a presentation software program. The drawing
function enables the computer user to draw illustrations in a desktop publishing program. The style
function enables computer users to format documents in a particular way. The caption function enables
computer users to add text or a numerical label to identify or explain a graphic within a document.
SOURCE: NF:008
SOURCE: Griffin, I. (2010, September 26). How to import images into PowerPoint. Retrieved August
12, 2016, from http://www.exec-comms.com/blog/2010/09/26/how-to-import-images-intopowerpoint/
74. A
Spreadsheet. A spreadsheet, sometimes known as a worksheet, is an electronic grid that shows
information (usually numerical) in a logical manner—typically a series of rows and columns. Presentation
software is typically used to create visual aids supporting an oral presentation. A web ring is a series of
linked web pages that share a common theme. A business letter is a formal letter used by a business
professional to communicate with other businesses and clients.
SOURCE: NF:010
SOURCE: WikiHow.com. (2016). How to make a spreadsheet in Excel. Retrieved August 12, 2016,
from http://www.wikihow.com/Make-a-Spreadsheet-in-Excel

Test 1140

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

27

75. D
Integrated software application packages. Integrated software application packages allow businesses to
manage all types of business activities, such as inventory control, finance, tracking, invoicing, etc. For
example, businesses can track the placement of an order, when the order is shipped and received, when
an invoice is generated, and when payment is received. These types of computer programs are not
known as electronic communications programs, interactive information display packages, or wireless
connectivity programs.
SOURCE: NF:088
SOURCE: Farese, L.S., Kimbrell, G., & Woloszyk, C.A. (2012). Marketing essentials (p. 219).
Columbus, OH: Glencoe/McGraw-Hill.
76. D
Test the page to identify broken links, missing images, or unclear instructions. Broken links and unclear
instructions make it difficult, if not impossible, for readers to obtain information or purchase products from
a website. Therefore, it is important to make sure that all elements of the web page work properly.
Generally, web pages are not patented. A patent doesn't necessarily protect web page content from
plagiarism. Although it is a good idea to consult an attorney regarding legal content posted on web
pages, not all web pages include legal content. Therefore, it is not a procedure that should always be
performed. Web page content is not subject to international trade requirements.
SOURCE: NF:042
SOURCE: Web Page Mistakes. (2005-2016). Find broken links. Retrieved August 12, 2016, from
http://www.webpagemistakes.ca/find-broken-links/
77. A
All other parts of the business. Operations managers must work closely with managers and employees in
all other parts of the business. This is because operations activities affect every other business function,
including marketing, finance, and human resources. Depending on the business, operations managers
may or may not work with managers in foreign markets. Operations managers do not work with
managers at competing businesses.
SOURCE: OP:189
SOURCE: OP LAP 189—Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations)
78. D
Routinely inspect equipment. Some businesses operate equipment that may present a safety hazard if
the equipment is not operating properly. As a result, certain health and safety regulations require these
businesses to routinely inspect equipment to make sure it is safe. In some cases, government inspectors
routinely visit the business to inspect equipment. If the inspectors find that the equipment is
malfunctioning, they have the authority to force the business to stop using the equipment until it has been
repaired and inspected again. Health and safety regulations do not require businesses to purchase new
machinery, offer exercise programs, or install security cameras.
SOURCE: OP:004
SOURCE: Canadian Centre for Occupational Health and Safety. (2016). Effective workplace
inspections. Retrieved August 12, 2016, from
http://www.ccohs.ca/oshanswers/prevention/effectiv.html
79. C
Employers and employees. The Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) requires both
employers and employees to keep the work environment free of safety hazards. Business management
may develop safety guidelines for employees to follow. Insurance companies offer businesses protection
against losses due to employee injuries. Human resource departments may have some responsibilities
for informing employees about safety regulations.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: Nonprofitrisk.org. (2008). Workplace safety toolkit. Retrieved August 12, 2016, from
https://nonprofitrisk.org/tools/workplace-safety/nonprofit/c1/wkplcsafety.htm

Test 1140

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

28

80. B
Strain. Back muscles can be strained by improper lifting of heavy or bulky objects. This kind of injury
often takes a while to heal and in some cases never heals completely. Shock is caused by a traumatic
occurrence or contact with electric current. A wound is an injury of any kind. A fall occurs when someone
trips while walking or falls from an elevated location to the ground.
SOURCE: OP:009
SOURCE: Durham, J. (2015, August 6). Common accidents at work. Retrieved August 12, 2016, from
http://www.safeworkers.co.uk/CommonWorkPlaceAccidents.html
81. C
Law enforcement. Theft and robbery are examples of security emergencies. Many companies develop
procedures that advise employees how to handle these types of situations. If a theft or a robbery occurs,
an employee generally contacts law enforcement officials (e.g., police). The fire department is contacted
about fire-related issues. Health and welfare agencies do not handle security issues.
SOURCE: OP:010
SOURCE: Gannon Associates. (2012, August 29). Types of workplace emergencies. Retrieved August
12, 2016, from
http://www.gannonassociates.com/2012/08/29/types_of_workplace_emergencies/
82. C
Store information on highly secure computer systems. There are measures businesses can take to
prevent security breaches. To keep private information secure, businesses should store it on computer
systems that are not easy for unauthorized people to access. Not all employees should have access to
personal information; instead it should only be available to the employees who need it. Businesses
should only collect the minimum amount of information that is necessary.
SOURCE: OP:152
SOURCE: Schiff, J. (2015, January 20). Six biggest business security risks and how you can fight back.
Retrieved August 12, 2016, from http://www.cio.com/article/2872517/data-breach/6-biggestbusiness-security-risks-and-how-you-can-fight-back.html
83. B
Project schedule. The most flexible document within a project plan is the project schedule. This is
because deadlines within the project may be pushed forward or backward as priorities shift. It's still
important to have a tentative schedule in place, however. The risk-management plan, the project scope,
and the quality-management plan are not as changeable as the project schedule.
SOURCE: OP:001
SOURCE: OP LAP 7—Chart Your Course (Developing a Project Plan)
84. D
Purchasing. The main function of purchasing is to obtain goods and services for use in the business.
Selling is a marketing function which involves determining consumer needs and wants and responding
through planned, personalized communication that influences purchase decisions and enhances future
business opportunities. Controlling is the management function that monitors the work effort. Organizing
is setting up the way the business's work will be done.
SOURCE: OP:015
SOURCE: OP LAP 2—Buy Right (Purchasing)
85. D
To prevent stockouts. Safety stock or buffer stock are extra items ordered to prevent stockouts. When
supplies are out of stock, the employees do not have the tools to perform their jobs. Many businesses
have policies to order a certain level of extra items to avoid stockouts. Ordering extra supplies will not
ensure product quality or reduce the need to forecast usage. Dan would only order exactly what is
needed if he were ordering to meet minimal expectations.
SOURCE: OP:031
SOURCE: finance-lib.com. (2016). Financial terms: Safety stock. Retrieved August 12, 2016, from
http://www.finance-lib.com/financial-term-safety-stock.html

Test 1140

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

29

86. D
Production. Production is the creation of goods and services from economic resources. Making more
pizzas is an increase in production. Pricing involves determining and adjusting prices to maximize return
and meet customers' perceptions of value. Publicity is any nonpersonal presentation of ideas, goods, or
services that is not paid for by the company or individual that benefits from it. Distribution involves
moving, storing, locating, and/or transferring ownership of goods and services.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: OP LAP 17—Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
87. A
Their materials in order. Organized workers are more efficient than disorganized workers because they
have their materials in order, they know where to find things, and they plan the use of their time. This
prevents delays, reduces frustrations, and decreases the number of mistakes they make. Being
organized does not guarantee that they will have better skills, more experience, or well-planned careers.
SOURCE: PD:009
SOURCE: Doucette, C. (2016). List of important reasons why employees must stay organized.
Retrieved August 12, 2016, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/list-important-reasonsemployees-must-stay-organized-15849.html
88. B
Effective goal. An effective goal is one that takes priority over other activities through wise decisions. A
SMART goal is one that is specific, measurable, attainable, results oriented, and time bound.
Performance and learning goals are types of goals you can work toward. Learning goals have to do with
mastering a skill, whereas performance goals have to do with how well you do something or simply
completing a task.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: PD LAP 16—Go for the Goal (Goal Setting)
89. B
Windows computer operating system. Paradigm innovation takes place when the entire perception of a
product, company, or industry takes place. The Windows computer operating system revolutionized the
way people input, transfer, share, and export information through personal and networked computers.
Businesses worldwide use the Windows operating system. Energy-saving light bulbs, the latest model of
the Honda Civic, and rechargeable batteries are examples of product innovation. Product innovation
takes place when a company creates a new product or redesigns an existing product.
SOURCE: PD:126
SOURCE: PD LAP 18—Ideas in Action (Innovation Skills)
90. D
Define the objective. The first step in the decision-making process is identifying what it is you want to do.
The decision-making process begins when a person becomes aware of a situation and sees the need to
make a decision. Making a choice, analyzing results, and evaluating information are steps in the
decision-making process that occur after the objective is defined.
SOURCE: PD:017
SOURCE: PD LAP 10—Weigh Your Options (Decision Making in Business)
91. A
Accepting responsibility for mistakes. Employers expect their employees to have the necessary skills to
do the work, but they also expect them to be honest. Being honest means not only that employees will
not lie or steal, but that they will accept responsibility for their mistakes and not make excuses or blame
others. Businesses respect employees who are honest and admit their mistakes because businesses
realize that everyone makes mistakes from time to time. Employees who complete assignments on time
are meeting their employer's expectations for dependability. Employees who help coworkers or look for
better ways to do the job are exhibiting initiative.
SOURCE: PD:020
SOURCE: Thompson, S. (2016). The expectations of employers and employees at a new job. Retrieved
August 12, 2016, from http://work.chron.com/expectations-employers-employees-new-job9494.html

Test 1140

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

30

92. A
Their personalities. Personality is an individual's distinctive qualities or traits and behavior. Each person
has a unique personality that will have an effect on the type of occupation that will be of interest to
him/her. For example, people who are outgoing and friendly will be interested in different careers than
those that will interest people who prefer to work alone. Individuals should consider their personality
when identifying possible occupations, rather than family history, parents' occupations, or friends'
opinions.
SOURCE: PD:023
SOURCE: Hansen, R. (2016). Developing a strategic vision for your career plan. Retrieved August 12,
2016, from https://www.livecareer.com/quintessential/career-plan
93. B
Administrative services. Tony is an executive or administrative assistant, someone who supports the
company president, schedules his/her appointments, and answers his/her phone. Executive or
administrative assistants are part of administrative services. Employees who work in operations
management focus on planning, organizing, coordinating, and controlling the resources needed to
produce or provide a business's goods and/or services. Marketing communications involves marketing
activities that inform, remind, and/or persuade the targeted audience. This can include people working in
advertising, public relations, and sales promotion. Human resource management careers focus on
staffing activities, including everything from recruitment to compensation. None of these describe Tony's
work in administrative services.
SOURCE: PD:025
SOURCE: PD LAP 15—Go for It! (Careers in Business)
94. D
Show that s/he has been learning about the company. The job applicant can read or ask questions about
the company before the job interview so that s/he can ask intelligent questions during the interview. This
makes a favorable impression because it indicates that the applicant has a sincere interest in the job and
the company. Job applicants should sit upright during an interview, not slouch or lean back in the chair.
Applicants make a good impression when they dress a little more formally than they would on the job. For
example, a financial planner should not go to a job interview in jeans and a sweatshirt. Letting the
interviewer know that the applicant expects to be hired indicates a cocky attitude that is likely to make a
poor impression.
SOURCE: PD:028
SOURCE: Huhman, H. (2014, August 29). Seven things to research before any job interview. Retrieved
August 12, 2016, from https://www.glassdoor.com/blog/7-research-job-interview/
95. B
Restate his/her interest in the position. A follow-up letter allows a job applicant the opportunity to thank
the interviewer for a job interview. It also allows the job applicant to restate his/her interest in the job and
reinforce the ways in which s/he can benefit the company if hired. The applicant describes specific
training and experience in a résumé, which may also include the applicant's references. The applicant is
usually asked about personal strengths and weaknesses during the interview.
SOURCE: PD:029
SOURCE: Schneider, L. (2016). Thank you letters. Retrieved August 12, 2016, from
http://jobsearchtech.about.com/od/resumesandletters/a/thankyous.htm
96. C
Volunteer positions. Some job applicants, especially recent graduates, do not have a lot of paid job
experience. It is acceptable for them to list unpaid or volunteer positions in the work experience section of
their résumés. Volunteer positions indicate job experience and levels of responsibility even if the
positions were unpaid. Technical training should be listed in the educational background section. Career
objectives and references are separate sections of résumés.
SOURCE: PD:031
SOURCE: The OWL at Purdue. (1995-2016). Resume workshop. Retrieved August 12, 2016, from
https://owl.english.purdue.edu/owl/resource/719/01/

Test 1140

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

31

97. C
Advances in technology. Advances in technology have eliminated the need for some jobs while creating
a need for new jobs. Therefore, some employees need additional education and training to change
careers and pursue different occupations because the jobs for which they were trained no longer exist.
Workers usually do not need to continue their education and obtain training to pursue different careers
because of increases in responsibility, changes in geography, or limits to confidentiality.
SOURCE: PD:033
SOURCE: Referenceforbusiness.com. (2016). Continuing education. Retrieved August 12, 2016, from
http://www.referenceforbusiness.com/encyclopedia/Con-Cos/Continuing-Education.html
98. C
New position is created. The opportunity for promotion often occurs when employees retire or leave the
company, or the business creates new positions. Many businesses prefer to promote from within, so the
creation of new jobs opens the door for current employees to be considered for a promotion. As
businesses grow and prosper, they often create new positions and give current employees the
opportunity to apply. An entry-level job is a starting position rather than a promotion. Employees are not
considered for a promotion because the occupation is high paying or the career is being revised.
SOURCE: PD:034
SOURCE: Kurtus, R. (2010, February 28). Basics of career advancement. Retrieved August 12, 2016,
from http://www.school-forchampions.com/career/basics_of_career_advancement.htm#.V64CVpgrKUk
99. C
The consequences of breaking the rules. The rules of conduct outline a company's policies, procedures,
and expectations regarding employees' behavior in the workplace. By explaining the rules and the
consequences of not following them, employers are making sure that employees understand what is
expected of them and what will happen if they break the rules. Depending on the situation, the
consequences of breaking the rules might include a reprimand, suspension without pay, or dismissal.
Why, who, and when the rules were developed are not important facts to discuss with new employees.
SOURCE: PD:251
SOURCE: Mayhew, R. (2016). Orientation of new employees regarding company policies &
procedures. Retrieved August 12, 2016, from http://smallbusiness.chron.com/orientationnew-employees-regarding-company-policies-procedures-2866.html
100. D
Size of the business. There are different levels of management in almost all businesses. The number of
levels the business needs usually depends on the size of the business. A large, national business would
have managers at all levels, while a small, family-owned business might have only one level of
management. The number of levels of management does not depend on the age of the employees, the
goals of the company, or the location of the facility.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: SM LAP 3—Manage This! (Concept of Management)

