1. Which of the following is an example of a regulation:
A. Your state passes a ban against texting while driving.
B. The USDA sets standards for organic food.
C. A judge rules that a prosecutor violated a defendant's rights.
D. Congress passes educational reform.

2. Brandon has been given a 385-page report and does not have time to review the entire document, but he does need to understand specific information that is included in the report. What section of the report will guide Brandon to the information he needs?
A. Bibliography
B. Table of contents
C. Appendices
D. Analysis

3. Which of the following business resources provides information about a company's dress codes and vacation policies, and general rules for appropriate behavior:
A. Employee handbook
B. Productivity manual
C. Customer newsletter
D. Personnel record

4. As an audience member, which of the following should you do to encourage a speaker during an oral presentation?
A. Keep a straight face to communicate that you are serious.
B. Refrain from asking questions.
C. Smile.
D. Quietly discuss the speech with the person sitting next to you.

5. When giving a verbal presentation, a speaker who distinctly voices the sounds of words is using proper
A. tone.
B. jargon.
C. enunciation.
D. vocabulary.

6. Why is it important to use communication styles that are appropriate to the target audience?
A. To quickly establish control
B. To analyze feedback
C. To organize presentations
D. To effectively convey information

7. During a brainstorming session, should participants be allowed to add new ideas to the list that are based on another group member's idea?
A. Yes, because other participants' ideas can trigger new ideas.
B. No, because using someone else's idea is considered stealing.
C. No, because it can be interpreted as a poor evaluation of the idea.
D. Yes, because ideas that are too outrageous should be immediately modified.

8. Jonathon, a high school student, recently received his very first paycheck—and he's a bit confused about what the different numbers mean. He wants to know how much money he actually gets to deposit into his bank account after taxes and other expenses have been taken out. Jonathon wants to know his
A. net income.
B. gross income.
C. taxable income.
D. dividends.

9. At work, Bob is assigned to be on a team of five people that will create a new product. Which action can Bob take to participate in the team in a useful way?
A. Find out what other people in the group know about the product
B. Encourage the team to avoid setting ground rules
C. Keep the group on track by stopping others from offering unusual ideas
D. Walk around the room during discussions to keep energy in the group

10. Brooke is attending a meeting to discuss an upcoming project that she will be working on. To take effective notes during the meeting, Brooke must
A. answer questions.
B. listen carefully.
C. express opinions.
D. develop a briefing.

11. Which of the following is an example of a text-oriented graphic that is often used to illustrate a business process or organizational structure:
A. Pictograph
B. Flowchart
C. Map
D. Pie chart

12. Before sending a professional email message to a business associate, a businessperson should
A. proofread the message for spelling and grammatical errors.
B. code the message's importance as “high priority.”
C. make sure that the message is typed in capital letters.
D. insert a vague statement in the message subject line.

13. Which of the following information should be included in the inside address section of a business letter:
A. Title
B. Subject
C. Date
D. Message

14. Employees should report noncompliance to the appropriate government agency when their employers fail to
A. develop communication procedures.
B. follow health and safety regulations.
C. set reasonable business objectives.
D. manage their sales and profits effectively.

15. One of the most effective ways for employees to communicate with management is to
A. drop notes in a suggestion box.
B. call management personnel at home.
C. give their messages to friends of management.
D. talk to management personnel during their lunch time.

16. The purpose of participating in staff meetings is usually to
A. share information.
B. achieve a task.
C. conduct research.
D. develop a message.

17. What is one technique that businesses can use to build positive customer/client relations?
A. Resisting change
B. Being consistent
C. Buying advertising
D. Conducting research

18. What is often a benefit to a business of providing good customer service?
A. Greater profits
B. Increased assets
C. A longer season
D. More publicity

19. A customer asks a salesperson about a specific advertisement in last Sunday's newspaper. Which of the following would help the salesperson assist the customer:
A. Knowledge of the products being promoted
B. Knowledge of the store's promotional budget
C. Knowledge of the store's policies
D. Knowledge of the customer's preferences

20. What should salespeople do when they must cope with customers who are being disagreeable?
A. Use product knowledge to prove they are wrong
B. Listen patiently and try to stay calm
C. Speed up the sale to minimize opportunity for disagreement
D. Ask them to come back when they are ready to buy

21. Kwame runs an organic meal delivery service. He wants his customers to be able to depend on him to consistently deliver high-quality, healthy food that will simplify their busy lives. This is his company's
A. company promise.
B. touchpoint.
C. brand promise.
D. brand point.

22. Producers are responsible for choosing and using the __________ resources.
A. best combination of
B. least costly
C. most available
D. best-known

23. Sam has been invited to go to the movies with one friend and to Dairy Queen for ice cream with another friend. Because he has only $5, Sam can't do both. If he decides to go to the movies, the opportunity cost of his choice is
A. both the ice cream and the movie.
B. ice cream at Dairy Queen.
C. staying at home.
D. the movie.

24. Atwicks general store began its annual back-to-school sale in July. Which of the following types of utility has Atwicks demonstrated:
A. Possession
B. Place
C. Form
D. Time

25. Which of the following business activities has the most long-term impact on production:
A. Marketing
B. Financial analysis
C. Information management
D. Accounting

26. What is one of the problems often associated with a communist command economy?
A. No competition
B. Financial loss
C. Lack of growth
D. High tax burden

27. Requiring a contractor to purchase a surety bond is an example of handling business risk by __________ the risk.
A. retaining
B. transferring
C. reducing
D. preventing

28. Which of the following would result if a nation's productivity increased at a greater rate than its population:
A. Reduced use of technology
B. Improved standard of living
C. Increased unemployment
D. Decreased standard of living

29. Which of the following indicates a high level of self-esteem:
A. Seeing an advertisement for a job and feeling that you could handle it
B. Believing that you should always put others ahead of yourself
C. Making a mistake and thinking that you are good at making mistakes
D. Imagining how you would feel if you had already graduated

30. To prevent injuries when operating machinery, it is important to
A. follow the instruction manual.
B. purchase the most efficient equipment.
C. purchase the newest equipment.
D. know standard first aid.

31. What is one factor that contributes to people's interest in and enthusiasm for different things?
A. Sincerity
B. Credibility
C. Personality
D. Integrity

32. A reason why being honest helps workers get along well with their coworkers is that honest workers
A. live up to their promises.
B. focus on creating harmony.
C. exchange rumors and gossip.
D. are more willing to share.

33. When Trina's sales team won the company-wide competition, she was sure to share the credit with all of her team members. Trina is demonstrating that she is
A. generous.
B. open-minded.
C. consistent.
D. impartial.

34. A limited decision is one that requires
A. careful consideration.
B. little thought.
C. some thought.
D. the opinions of others.

35. Which of the following is a question you should ask yourself to determine whether you’re facing a problem or a true ethical dilemma:
A. Is money at stake?
B. Could someone be unhappy?
C. Is there an easy or hard choice?
D. Could someone be hurt?

36. In an ambiguous situation, what is the first thing you should do to learn more?
A. Practice mindfulness.
B. Focus on creativity.
C. Try to get out of the situation.
D. Ask questions.

37. Which of the following is an example of positive self-talk:
A. "My coworkers are so annoying."
B. “If I fail, I'll be embarrassed.”
C. “I wish I were smarter.”
D. “I can do it!”

38. Marie uses a lot of gestures when she is communicating with customers. What tool is Marie using?
A. Empathy
B. Service attitude
C. Patience
D. Body language

39. When you receive criticism on the job, the best course of action would be to
A. complain to your supervisor.
B. use it to improve your job performance.
C. start looking for another job.
D. simply ignore it.

40. Which of the following is not a main cause of cultural insensitivity:
A. Ethnocentrism
B. The role of women
C. Fear
D. Ignorance

41. When coworkers disagree about the best way to solve a problem, they are involved in __________ conflict.
A. emotional
B. functional
C. intangible
D. specific

42. Maintaining a sense of humor can help you be a good team member because it
A. keeps your emotions under control.
B. helps ease any tension that arises.
C. improves your decision-making skills.
D. gives you more self-confidence.

43. A person with vision for the future wants to
A. make important decisions.
B. avoid making mistakes.
C. create positive change.
D. set specific goals.

44. Which of the following is a result of maintaining a reputation for leadership:
A. New opportunities
B. Ability to bend the rules
C. Loss of trust from coworkers
D. Less responsibility at work

45. Adaptability is often described as
A. rigidity.
B. flexibility.
C. inequity.
D. inelasticity.

46. Which of the following is a behavior of an achievement-oriented leader:
A. Allowing followers to take moderate risks
B. Setting easy goals
C. Withholding feedback
D. Not allowing followers to take responsibility

47. An arrangement that allows customers to purchase and use goods or services and pay for them at a future time is referred to as a __________ sale.
A. budget
B. credit
C. cash
D. layaway

48. Which of the following is an example of illegal conduct on the job:
A. Sexual harassment
B. Reading the newspaper
C. Sleeping
D. Arriving late

49. What should you do if you come across a viewpoint that you think you disagree with?
A. Stop paying attention to the viewpoint.
B. Avoid jumping to conclusions about the viewpoint.
C. Listen to or read about the viewpoint impatiently.
D. Refuse to learn more about the viewpoint.

50. Tayari communicates openly, even when it’s difficult. She demonstrates
A. transparency.
B. fairness.
C. viability.
D. accountability.
51. Which of the following is a disadvantage of a checking account:
A. Overdraft protection
B. Direct payroll deposit
C. Account balance requirement
D. Online transaction options

52. Nick earned $20 for doing yard work. He can keep this money for a few weeks, and when he is ready to spend it, it will still be worth the same amount. This is because money is
A. unlimited.
B. a unit of account.
C. a medium of exchange.
D. a store of value.

53. Which of the following elements are needed to determine the future value of money that is placed in a savings account for one year:
A. Interest rates and annual income
B. Quarterly wages and principal amount
C. Late fees and insurance rates
D. Principal amount and interest rate

54. To be successful in a work environment, an individual leading change must
A. have management experience.
B. be able to encourage teamwork.
C. have a desire to get promoted.
D. demand others to accept change.

55. An individual who decides to save a certain amount every month in order to have enough money on hand to buy a car in two years is
A. setting financial goals.
B. making an investment.
C. opening an account.
D. analyzing economic conditions.

56. When your grandparents were young, gasoline prices were less than a dollar per gallon. Today, gasoline prices are much higher. This is the result of
A. interest.
B. inflation.
C. compounding growth.
D. investment.

57. Luke is a college student. For a homework assignment, he calculated his personal net worth to be $5,000. This made him "feel rich," and he immediately went online and spent $5,000 on a laptop. Based on your knowledge of net worth, was this purchase a smart decision?
A. No, because net worth includes assets that are not liquid.
B. No, because a positive net worth indicates he has more liabilities than assets.
C. Yes, because he has $5,000 available to use immediately.
D. Yes, because even if his assets include real estate, he can quickly sell it to pay for the computer.

58. Which of the following is a technique you can use to demonstrate a positive attitude over the telephone:
A. Smile when you answer the telephone.
B. Use a wide vocabulary in conversations.
C. Be informed about your business's rules.
D. Shut out all distractions while talking.

59. When reconciling your bank statement, how should you handle outstanding checks recorded in your checkbook?
A. Add them to your beginning balance.
B. Ignore them until next month.
C. Subtract them from your statement balance.
D. Add them to your ending balance.

60. Morgan received an email that claimed to be from her credit card company. The email said that her account would be cancelled immediately if she didn't follow a link and enter her credit card and social security numbers. After Morgan did so, she found out that the email wasn't actually from her credit card company. Instead, it was a scam designed to steal her personal information. Morgan was a victim of
A. hacking.
B. baiting.
C. skimming.
D. phishing.

61. Cecelia wants to purchase a home. How could her bank help her with this goal?
A. Offer wealth management
B. Provide a mortgage
C. Offer mobile check deposit
D. Provide brokerage services

62. Which of the following are types of lending investments:
A. Bonds, certificates of deposit, and collectibles
B. Money market accounts, certificates of deposit, and bonds
C. Savings accounts, collectibles, and stocks
D. Certificates of deposit, stocks, and real estate

63. How does contributing to a 401(k) retirement plan reduce the taxes withheld from a person's paycheck?
A. Contributions are deducted before earnings are taxed.
B. Contributions are taxed at a lower tax rate.
C. Employers tax the person's net earnings.
D. Employers typically match the contributions.

64. Financial information is not useful if it does not contain understandable
A. recommendations.
B. footnotes.
C. investment analysis.
D. language.

65. A business has an inventory valued at $750,000. This amount would appear in the business's balance sheet under
A. liabilities.
B. current assets.
C. capital gains.
D. income.

66. Aisha wants to buy new ovens for her bakery. They'll be expensive, but she has some money saved up that she can use for the purchase. Aisha plans to finance her new equipment using
A. debt.
B. dividends.
C. equity.
D. accounts receivable.

67. Lily Marshall, a human resources manager with Spartan Industries, recently met with employee Barry Endicott. Barry accepted a position with another company and will begin his new job next week. During the meeting, Lily asked Barry what he liked and disliked about his job with Spartan and what the company can do to make working conditions better. What human resources activity was Lily performing?
A. Workplace familiarization
B. Onboarding tasks
C. Application screening
D. Exit interview

68. An example of a nondurable good is a
A. can of soda.
B. television.
C. pillow.
D. bus tour.

69. Which of the following statements is an example of an opinion:
A. Politicians are unethical and should not be trusted.
B. The chemical name for table salt is sodium chloride.
C. The numerical value of pi is 3.14159.
D. James Polk was the 11th President of the United States.

70. Information that has been printed for publication is often more reliable than many internet sources because
A. the information is typically carefully checked for accuracy.
B. authors have affiliations with professional organizations.
C. published information is current and up to date.
D. publishers do not support special interest groups.

71. Which of the following U.S. laws relates to information management:
A. The Taft-Hartley Act
B. The Sherman Anti-Trust Act
C. The Landrum-Griffin Act
D. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act

72. A good way to prevent accidents in the workplace is to
A. eliminate human error.
B. purchase workers' compensation insurance.
C. practice good housekeeping.
D. post emergency numbers.

73. The set of computer programs that manages the hardware and software of a computer is the
A. transfer protocol.
B. digital connection.
C. operating system.
D. electronic resource.

74. A website that ends in .gov would most likely have __________ information than a website that ends in .com.
A. more recent
B. less trustworthy
C. more trustworthy
D. less recent

75. Which of the following do many businesses include on their websites in order to obtain feedback from customers:
A. Portable document format
B. Email inquiry field
C. Electronic file attachment
D. Computer programming code

76. Elinor is using a word processing program to prepare a business letter to send to the company's suppliers. She has selected a ready-to-use letter template. If she wants to change the size of the text, she should access the __________ button(s) in the format bar.
A. view
B. paragraph
C. clipboard
D. font

77. When using presentation software, computer users can add visual and sound effects between slides that allow for an interesting
A. jump.
B. feed.
C. transition.
D. lead.

78. The primary purpose of collaborative software applications in the business environment is to
A. share information.
B. interpret data.
C. archive old documents.
D. maintain authority.

79. When Mr. Mason develops a production schedule, he is carrying out __________ activities.
A. sales
B. maintenance
C. operations
D. service

80. When Cheri arrived at her new job at a deli, her manager immediately instructed her to operate the meat slicer. Cheri, who had never used a meat slicer before, severely cut her finger on it. Who is ultimately responsible for Cheri's injury?
A. Cheri's employer
B. Cheri
C. Cheri's manager
D. The government

81. What type of correspondence has Julia written when she sends several letters to companies requesting product information?
A. An application
B. An inquiry
C. A short report
D. A proposal

82. When Omar's boss compliments him on his recent email marketing campaign, he smiles, says thank you, and tells his boss that he worked really hard and is glad his effort paid off. Omar is demonstrating
A. initiative.
B. arrogance.
C. transparency.
D. self-confidence.

83. Which of the following is the most appropriate response for an employee to make when s/he discovers a safety hazard:
A. Record the hazard and its location
B. Avoid the location of the hazard
C. Determine the cause of the hazard
D. Report or correct the hazard

84. What do businesses often develop to be able to store and analyze data for the purpose of making business decisions?
A. Management policies
B. Operating procedures
C. Survey methods
D. Information systems

85. Not allowing employees to bring personal belongings into the work area helps to prevent
A. shoplifting.
B. robbery.
C. burglary.
D. fraud.

86. Vicki agreed to bring the poster board for her group project, and she would have forgotten if her classmate Dalton hadn't called and reminded her the night before. This is an example of how
A. monitoring projects creates accountability.
B. projects should be done individually.
C. communications among project members are usually problematic.
D. the more people involved with a project, the more complicated it is.

87. What is likely to happen if a business fails to monitor its inventory of office supplies?
A. Employee productivity decreases.
B. Restocking fees increase.
C. Employee productivity increases.
D. Restocking fees decrease.

88. Production processes that rely heavily on expensive equipment and materials are __________ processes.
A. standardized
B. labor-intensive
C. capital-intensive
D. intermittent

89. Which of the following activities is part of a supply chain:
A. Product development
B. Creating advertisements
C. Communicating with customers
D. Setting prices

90. Personal appearance should be important to a company's employees because
A. their image affects the company's image.
B. it makes them attractive to others.
C. workers with a good appearance usually get promotions.
D. unattractive workers are unlikely to be hired.

91. Which of the following is an effective strategy for setting and reaching financial goals:
A. Writing down your goals to clarify them
B. Setting goals with an open time frame
C. Developing goals that are unattainable
D. Setting vague goals to change as needed

92. A computer company creates a new kind of software. Which type of innovation is this?
A. Positioning
B. Process
C. Product
D. Paradigm

93. Mel is about to decide which job to take—using only the facts. As she compares and contrasts information about each job opportunity, Mel is showing that she is aware of which decision-making influence?
A. Style
B. Framing
C. Input
D. Logic

94. Which of the following is often a good source of career information in the local community:
A. Trade associations
B. National corporations
C. Regional magazines
D. Library publications

95. Jared was just hired for a new job. The employee who interviewed him and took him through the hiring process works in
A. operations management.
B. marketing management.
C. banking services.
D. human resources management.

96. Which of the following would help a job applicant fill out job application forms easily:
A. Having a personal data sheet
B. Having customer service experience
C. Keeping a file of job leads
D. Knowing someone at the business

97. When George was interviewed for a job opening, he forgot to tell the interviewer that he had computer experience. When George writes his follow-up email, should he include this information?
A. No, he should not let the interviewer know he forgot anything.
B. No, he should limit his email to a few words of thanks.
C. Yes, he can write a brief statement about his computer skills.
D. Yes, he should describe his computer skills in detail.

98. What information should be included on a résumé?
A. Work experience, education, and personal interests
B. Education, work experience, and contact information
C. Contact information, political affiliation, and education
D. Personal goals, education, and references

99. What should employees in today's changing world do to prevent their skills from becoming obsolete?
A. Continue their education
B. Modify personal behavior
C. Delegate responsibility
D. Change jobs frequently

100. Which of the following provides a business's employees with a foundation for acceptable behavior in the workplace:
A. Rules of conduct
B. Organizational chart
C. Grievance procedures
D. Articles of incorporation

/////
1. B
The USDA sets standards for organic food. Regulations are standards and rules that dictate how laws
will be enforced. Regulations are created by government agencies, such as the USDA. A state ban
against texting while driving is a law, not a regulation. A judge's ruling is common law, not regulation.
Educational reform passed by Congress is law, not regulation.
SOURCE: BL:163 Comply with the spirit and intent of laws and regulations
SOURCE: LAP-BL-163—Laying Down the Law (Complying With the Spirit and Intent of Laws and
Regulations)
2. B
Table of contents. When trying to locate specific information from a lengthy document or a book, it often
saves time to first look at the table of contents. The table of contents is the portion of the text in which the
sections are listed with their page numbers for easy access. For example, if Brandon wants to obtain
information about industry trends, he can look at the table of contents, find the section that discusses
trends, and turn to the designated page of the document to read the desired information. The
bibliography contains the citations, or sources used to construct the primary document. The appendices
are the segments added to the end of the primary document that include supporting information. Some
research reports contain an analysis of the document's contents or research. By looking at the table of
contents, the reader can determine if the desired information is included in the appendices or analysis
sections of the report.
SOURCE: CO:055 Extract relevant information from written materials
SOURCE: Benjamin, A. (2020). What is the purpose of a table of contents? Retrieved October 14,
2020, from https://penandthepad.com/ideals-harlem-renaissance-writers-promote8427932.html
3. A
Employee handbook. Businesses often develop employee handbooks that provide information about
their general policies and procedures. For example, a business might outline overtime and vacation
policies, disciplinary and grievance procedures, pay schedules, dress codes, and behavioral expectations
in its employee handbook. Employee handbooks are usually given to new employees when they first start
their jobs. Productivity manuals, customer newsletters, and personnel records are not sources that
workers use to obtain information about a company's general policies and procedures for employees.
SOURCE: CO:057 Analyze company resources to ascertain policies and procedures
SOURCE: Clarke, V. (2019, September 25). How to write an employee handbook [Examples + tips].
Retrieved October 14, 2020, from https://venngage.com/blog/employee-handbook-examples/
4. C
Smile. A smile shows the speaker that you support and encourage him/her. It is a good idea to ask
questions when given the opportunity. It shows interest in the topic. A straight face is difficult for a
speaker to interpret. It may mean a person is upset, is daydreaming, or is seriously listening. Talking to
others during a presentation is rude to the speaker and may cause him/her to lose his/her train of
thought.
SOURCE: CO:082 Explain communication techniques that support and encourage a speaker
SOURCE: Robinson, L., Segal, J., & Smith, M. (2019, June). Effective communication. Retrieved
October 14, 2020, from https://www.helpguide.org/articles/relationshipscommunication/effective-communication.htm
5. C
Enunciation. Proper enunciation involves clearly and distinctly voicing the sounds of words. Using proper
enunciation is important when giving verbal presentations because it makes it easier for listeners to
understand the message. Jargon is specialized language known only to a certain group of people.
Vocabulary includes all words understood by an individual. Tone communicates emotions and attitudes
through the voice.
SOURCE: CO:147 Explain the nature of effective verbal communications
SOURCE: Ward, S. (2019, October 15). How to enunciate: Speak for success lesson 1. Retrieved
October 14, 2020, from https://www.thebalance.com/speak-for-success-lesson-1enunciation-2948543

Test 1239

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

11

6. D
To effectively convey information. Certain communication styles are more appropriate for some
audiences than for others. It is important to understand the target audience in order to use the style that
will most effectively convey information. For example, the communication style that is effective when
speaking to coworkers on the same level is probably not the same style that will be effective when
speaking to a group of managers or customers. Feedback is a response to a certain behavior or attitude.
Organizing presentations involves gathering information and developing visuals. It is not important to use
communication styles to establish control.
SOURCE: CO:084 Employ communication styles appropriate to target audience
SOURCE: University of Pittsburgh. (2020). Approaching the speaking situation: Audience, occasion,
purpose. Retrieved October 14, 2020, from https://www.comm.pitt.edu/approachingspeaking-situation-audience-occasion-purpose
7. A
Yes, because other participants' ideas can trigger new ideas. This process is called stepping-stones or
triggers, and it is encouraged in brainstorming because one person's ideas can easily trigger new and
different ideas. It is not considered stealing, but instead is an important part of working together to build
on each other's ideas to find more ideas. Adding a stepping-stone idea to a brainstorming list is not a
form of evaluating the original ideas. All ideas are considered equal in a brainstorming session, including
those that are very outlandish or outrageous.
SOURCE: CO:061 Defend ideas objectively
SOURCE: Day, J. (2016, November 10). Brainstorming tools on steroids: Using triggers to stimulate
ideas. Retrieved October 14, 2020, from https://ideascale.com/brainstorming-tools-onsteroids-using-triggers-to-stimulate-ideas/
8. A
Net income. Net income is the money remaining after expenses are subtracted from gross income. For
individuals, net income is simply the amount of money taken home after taxes and other expenses are
deducted. Gross income, on the other hand, is the total amount of money earned before taxes. Taxable
income is the portion of an individual's or business's earnings that is subject to taxation. A dividend is a
sum of money paid to an investor or stockholder as earnings on an investment. Jonathon is interested in
knowing his net income in this example, not his gross income, taxable income, or dividends.
SOURCE: FI:068 Interpret a pay stub
SOURCE: Fiorillo, S. (2019, July 24). What's the difference between gross vs. net income? Retrieved
October 14, 2020, from https://www.thestreet.com/personal-finance/gross-vs-net-income14659057
9. A
Find out what other people in the group know about the product. Starting a meeting by learning about
others' knowledge of the subject identifies what your team knows—as well as areas where more work will
be needed. Some ground rules are needed to let everyone know how the group operates. Otherwise,
unacceptable behavior may occur. Unusual ideas should not be avoided. Often these are the
breakthroughs that lead to success. Walking around the room during discussions could be distracting to
Bob's group members.
SOURCE: CO:053 Participate in group discussions
SOURCE: Smith, S. (2020, April 28). Taking part in academic discussion. Retrieved October 14, 2020,
from https://www.eapfoundation.com/speaking/discussions/participate/
10. B
Listen carefully. Brooke must listen to the speaker so she can identify the key points that she wants to
write down. By noting the key points, Brooke will be able to refer the most important information when
she needs it later. Effective note-taking does not involve answering questions or expressing opinions.
Brooke might need her notes to develop a briefing, which is a summary of important information or
instructions.
SOURCE: CO:085 Utilize note-taking strategies
SOURCE: Emerald Publishing. (2020). Effective note taking. Retrieved October 14, 2020, from
https://www.emeraldgrouppublishing.com/archived/learning/study_skills/skills/note_taking.ht
m

Test 1239

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

12

11. B
Flowchart. Some graphics that are used in business reports are textual (text-oriented) because their
content is presented in the form of words and numbers. An example of a textual graphic is a flowchart
that presents the sequence of activities in a process. A common flowchart is an organizational chart that
depicts the hierarchy of positions and departments within an organization. Pictographs, maps, and pie
charts are considered visual graphics rather than textual graphics. Although they may contain some
words and numbers, they also contain visuals such as bars, columns, and drawings.
SOURCE: CO:087 Select and use appropriate graphic aids
SOURCE: American Society for Quality. (2020). What is a flowchart? Retrieved October 14, 2020, from
https://asq.org/quality-resources/flowchart
12. A
Proofread the message for spelling and grammatical errors. Although many people view email as an
informal method of communication, it is a vital communication tool in today's business world. Therefore, it
is important to maintain a professional tone when developing business-related emails. The text in a
professional email should contain proper grammar and correct spelling. To ensure that the message
does not contain spelling and grammatical errors, a businessperson should proofread the message and
make necessary corrections before sending the message to the intended receiver. Only the most critical
email messages should be sent as high priority messages. Capitalizing all of the letters in the text often
implies an angry tone, so this practice should be avoided. Although the subject line should be brief, it
should contain enough information for the message recipient to determine the message content. If the
subject line is too vague, the recipient may delete the message before reading it.
SOURCE: CO:090 Write professional emails
SOURCE: Colorado State University. (2020). Netiquette rules. Retrieved October 14, 2020, from
https://writing.colostate.edu/guides/page.cfm?pageid=1498&guideid=74
13. A
Title. The inside address section of a business letter should include the addressee's title, which might be
both a courtesy title and a job title, if known. A courtesy title such as Mr. or Ms. should always be used,
along with a job title such as manager or president whenever possible. A correct inside address with title
is as follows: Mr. John Doe, President. The subject, date, and message are not part of the inside address
section of a business letter.
SOURCE: CO:133 Write business letters
SOURCE: Purdue Online Writing Lab. (2020). Writing the basic business letter. Retrieved October 14,
2020, from
https://owl.purdue.edu/owl/subject_specific_writing/professional_technical_writing/basic_busi
ness_letters/index.html
14. B
Follow health and safety regulations. Governments develop health and safety regulations to protect the
well-being of both employees and customers. When a business does not follow the regulations,
employees should report the noncompliance to the government. By reporting the noncompliance, the
government can step in to ensure that the business takes corrective action before an accident occurs and
someone is injured. Communication procedures and business objectives are internal factors that affect
the business rather than issues that government agencies oversee. As long as the business manages its
sales and profits in an ethical and legal manner (effective or not), it is complying with the law.
SOURCE: OP:005 Report noncompliance with business health and safety regulations
SOURCE: OSHA Education Center. (2020). How to report labor violations. Retrieved October 14, 2020,
from https://www.oshaeducationcenter.com/articles/reporting-labor-violations/

Test 1239

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

13

15. A
Drop notes in a suggestion box. Suggestion boxes allow employees to write out ideas and drop them in
at any time. Management may not have time to listen or may not want to be bothered during lunch or
during their own time away from work. Discussing the idea with a friend of management involves the risk
that the idea may not be passed on or that the other person may take the credit.
SOURCE: CO:014 Explain the nature of staff communication
SOURCE: Indeed. (2020). Ideas on a suggestion box in the office: Do's and don'ts. Retrieved October
14, 2020, from https://www.indeed.com/hire/c/info/suggestionbox#:~:text=Suggestion%20boxes%20boost%20employee%20morale,Increased%20innovati
on%20and%20problem%2Dsolving
16. A
Share information. Staff meetings are a method of communication in business. The purpose of
participating in staff meetings is usually to share information. This includes management sharing
important information with employees and employees providing information to management, such as
updates on current projects. The goal is for everyone in the business to have the information they need to
function effectively. The purpose of participating in staff meetings is usually not to achieve a task,
conduct research, or develop a message.
SOURCE: CO:063 Participate in a staff meeting
SOURCE: Castro, A. (2020). 7 reasons regular staff meetings are a must. Retrieved October 14, 2020,
from https://amycastro.com/blog/7-reasons-regular-staff-meetings-are-a-must/
17. B
Being consistent. Being consistent involves offering the same reliable goods and services on a regular
basis. Businesses that are consistent do what they say they are going to do and do it right the first time.
Being consistent is a good technique for building positive customer relations because customers know
that they can count on getting what they need from the business. Customers appreciate consistency and
usually will continue to buy from the business. Businesses should be open to change in order to meet the
changing needs of their customers. Buying advertising and conducting research will not build positive
customer relations unless the business also offers consistent service and reliable products.
SOURCE: CR:003 Explain the nature of positive customer relations
SOURCE: LAP-CR-003—Accentuate the Positive (Nature of Customer Relations)
18. A
Greater profits. Businesses that provide good customer service usually retain their current customers.
Since it is much less costly to retain current customers than to find new ones, greater profits are usually
the result. Publicity is any nonpersonal presentation of goods, services, or ideas that is not paid for by the
company which benefits from it. Assets are anything of value that the business owns. A season is a
certain time of year. Increased assets, a longer season, and more publicity are not necessarily benefits of
good customer service
SOURCE: CR:004 Demonstrate a customer service mindset
SOURCE: Merchant Pro Express. (2016, May 16). What are the benefits of good customer service?
Retrieved October 14, 2020, from https://www.merchantproexpress.com/news/what-are-thebenefits-of-good-customer-service-for-yourbusiness#:~:text=Benefits%20of%20good%20customer%20service%20include%20repeat%
20customers,sales%2C%20and%20better%20cash%20flow.&text=Whether%20you%20own
%20a%20restaurant,major%20role%20in%20your%20success
19. A
Knowledge of the products being promoted. Information regarding planned promotions of products
prepares salespeople to handle customer inquiries. The store's promotional budget and policies would
not provide information pertinent to this customer's inquiry. Personal customer information also would not
help to answer the customer's question.
SOURCE: CR:006 Respond to customer inquiries
SOURCE: Hudson, M. (2018, May 23). How product knowledge can increase sales. Retrieved October
14, 2020, from https://www.thebalancesmb.com/benefits-of-product-knowledge-2890302

Test 1239

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

14

20. B
Listen patiently and try to stay calm. In order to keep the channel of communication open, salespeople
must remain calm and courteous. They should listen carefully to all customers and give them plenty of
time to say what they feel. Proving someone else is wrong seldom improves a situation and may make it
worse. Speeding up the sale and asking them to come back when they are ready to buy are not effective
ways to deal with disagreeable individuals and may even make them more disagreeable.
SOURCE: CR:009 Handle difficult customers
SOURCE: LAP-CR-009—Making Mad Glad (Handling Difficult Customers)
21. C
Brand promise. A brand promise is a business's agreement (spoken or unspoken) with its customers that
it will consistently meet their expectations and deliver on its characteristics and values. Kwame promises
his customers that he will deliver the quality of food and service that they expect. Touchpoints are all the
opportunities that businesses have to connect with customers and reinforce their brand value. Company
promise and brand point are not terms commonly used to describe the situation illustrated in the question
stem.
SOURCE: CR:001 Identify company's brand promise
SOURCE: Frederiksen, L. (2020, April 27). Elements of a successful brand 4: Brand promise. Retrieved
October 14, 2020, from https://hingemarketing.com/blog/story/elements-of-a-successfulbrand-4-brand-promise1
22. A
Best combination of. Producers try to choose the best combination of resources in order to achieve their
goals. For example, they must decide if the number of workers is adequate; if the buildings, supplies, and
equipment are suitable; and if there are enough raw materials to produce their goods. Producers should
try to keep their costs down but should not always purchase the least expensive or most available
resources if quality will be sacrificed. Likewise, purchasing the best-known resources may not be
appropriate for some businesses.
SOURCE: EC:003 Explain the concept of economic resources
SOURCE: LAP-EC-014—Be Resourceful (Economic Resources)
23. B
Ice cream at Dairy Queen. The opportunity cost is the alternative that is given up when a choice is made
about the best use of resources. In this case, Sam's $5 is the resource, and the alternative he gave up is
the ice cream at Dairy Queen. The movie is the alternative he chose to spend his $5 resource on.
Staying at home was not an alternative Sam considered.
SOURCE: EC:001 Describe the concepts of economics and economic activities
SOURCE: LAP-EC-006—Are You Satisfied? (Economics and Economic Activities)
24. D
Time. To be useful to customers, products must be available at the time when they are most desired.
Place utility is usefulness created by making sure that goods and services are available at the place
where they are needed or wanted by consumers. Form utility is usefulness created by altering or
changing the form or shape of a good to make it more useful to the consumer. Possession utility is
usefulness created when ownership of a product is transferred from the seller to the user.
SOURCE: EC:004 Determine economic utilities created by business activities
SOURCE: LAP-EC-013—Use It (Economic Utility)

Test 1239

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

15

25. A
Marketing. Marketing is an organizational function and a set of processes for creating, communicating,
and delivering value to customers and for managing customer relationships in ways that benefit the
organization and its stakeholders. Marketing promotes the sale of goods to consumers which in turn
benefits business by creating a demand for more production. The more goods that are marketed and
sold, the greater the increase in production. Financial analysis is the process of planning, maintaining,
monitoring, controlling, and reporting the use of financial resources. Information management is the
process of maintaining, evaluating, and disseminating data. Accounting is the process of keeping and
interpreting financial records.
SOURCE: EC:071 Describe types of business activities
SOURCE: LAP-EC-071—Strictly Business (Business Activities)
26. A
No competition. One of the problems often associated with a communist command economy is that there
is no competition. Businesses are not free to find less costly and time-consuming methods of production,
which means that resources are often used inefficiently. The possibility of financial loss is one of the
problems of a market economy. A high tax burden is a problem of a socialist command economy. Lack of
growth is the major problem for traditional economies.
SOURCE: EC:007 Explain the types of economic systems
SOURCE: LAP-EC-017—Who's the Boss? (Economic Systems)
27. B
Transferring. Requiring a contractor to purchase a surety bond is an example of transferring risk—shifting
the risk to someone else. If the contract is not fulfilled as expected, the surety bond is paid to the
business that stands to lose. Retaining risk is keeping it. Reducing risk is preventing or controlling it.
Preventing risk is taking measures to reduce the risk.
SOURCE: EC:011 Determine factors affecting business risk
SOURCE: LAP-EC-003—Lose, Win, or Draw (Business Risk)
28. B
Improved standard of living. When productivity increases, the GDP per capita increases. When this
increase is faster than the population growth, the standard of living increases, and more goods are
available to consumers. A decrease in the standard of living results from a reduction in productivity.
Unemployment increases when productivity slows down. More use of technology would be needed to
keep up with increased productivity.
SOURCE: EC:013 Explain the concept of productivity
SOURCE: LAP-EC-018—Make the Most of It (Productivity)
29. A
Seeing an advertisement for a job and feeling that you could handle it. Self-esteem is how you feel about
yourself at any given time. Your level of self-esteem can fluctuate from high to low. Feeling that you could
do a job you have read about would indicate your level of self-esteem is high. Imagining how you would
feel if you had already graduated is an example of visualization that can be used to support self-esteem.
The other two alternatives indicate a low level of self-esteem.
SOURCE: EI:016 Explain the concept of self-esteem
SOURCE: Wignall, N. (2019, July 22). 7 ways to build high self-esteem. Retrieved October 14, 2020,
from https://nickwignall.com/high-self-esteem/
30. A
Follow the instruction manual. Each piece of machinery comes with an instruction manual that outlines its
proper use. Even experienced workers should read and follow these instructions. Without proper usage
(as written in the instruction manual), a worker can be injured on any type of equipment, including
machines that are very new and very efficient. While knowing first aid will help after an injury occurs, it
does not prevent injuries.
SOURCE: OP:006 Follow instructions for use of equipment, tools, and machinery
SOURCE: Augustine, P. (2015, April 15). Why you should always read your operating manuals.
Retrieved October 14, 2020, from https://www.bartfireside.com/why-you-should-always-readyour-operating-manuals/

Test 1239

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

16

31. C
Personality. Personality is an individual's qualities, or traits, and behavior. Because people's personalities
differ greatly, the things they are interested in and enthusiastic about will also differ greatly. For example,
a shy person might prefer a quiet evening at home, whereas an outgoing person might prefer to attend a
party. Credibility is believability. Sincerity is the quality of being honest and genuine. Integrity is adhering
to an established set of personal ethics.
SOURCE: EI:020 Demonstrate interest and enthusiasm
SOURCE: Psychology Today. (2020). Personality center. Retrieved October 14, 2020, from
https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/basics/personality
32. A
Live up to their promises. Coworkers know they can count on honest workers to do what they say they
will do, to give them straight answers, and to try to do the right thing. This helps to create harmony in the
workplace, but that is not necessarily a goal of honesty. Honest workers refrain from exchanging rumors
and gossip. Honest workers are not necessarily more willing to share.
SOURCE: EI:022 Demonstrate honesty and integrity
SOURCE: Long, N. (2020). How to create an atmosphere of honesty in the workplace. Retrieved
October 14, 2020, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/create-atmosphere-honestyworkplace-10098.html
33. A
Generous. Those who are fair to others share with everyone. They do not allow their own selfishness to
outweigh their desire to equally distribute to those who deserve it. In this case, Trina is being generous
by sharing the credit for a job well done with everyone rather than keeping all the praise for herself. In
this situation, Trina is not demonstrating open-mindedness, consistency, or impartiality.
SOURCE: EI:127 Demonstrate fairness
SOURCE: LAP-EI-127—Fair or Foul? (Demonstrating Fairness)
34. C
Some thought. Limited decisions require some thought because they carry some risk. Extensive
decisions require careful consideration. Routine decisions require little thought. The opinions of others
are not always required when making a limited decision.
SOURCE: EI:091 Assess risks of personal decisions
SOURCE: LAP-EI-091—Worth the Risk (Assessing Risks of Personal Decisions)
35. D
Could someone be hurt? Three questions you can ask yourself to figure out whether what you’re facing is
simply a problem or a true ethical dilemma are: Could someone be hurt? Is there a right and wrong
choice? Are ethical principles being violated? People can be unhappy with decisions made in ethical
dilemmas and regular problems. Ethical dilemmas are not determined by whether the choices are easy or
hard or whether there is money at stake.
SOURCE: EI:125 Recognize and respond to ethical dilemmas
SOURCE: LAP-EI-125—Make the Right Choice (Recognizing and Responding to Ethical Dilemmas)
36. D
Ask questions. The more details you have about a situation, the better you will feel, even when the
situation is uncertain. You might be able to reduce doubt by asking the right questions and gaining
information. Focusing on creativity, trying to get out of the situation, or practicing mindfulness will not
necessarily help you to learn more about an ambiguous situation.
SOURCE: EI:092 Develop tolerance for ambiguity
SOURCE: LAP-EI-092—Embrace the Unknown (Developing a Tolerance for Ambiguity)
37. D
"I can do it!" "I can do it!" is an example of positive self-talk. Positive self-talk is a form of positive thinking
in which you focus on your abilities and successes. The other phrases are negative and, therefore, are
not examples of positive self-talk.
SOURCE: EI:019 Exhibit a positive attitude
SOURCE: LAP-EI-003—Opt for Optimism (Positive Attitude)

Test 1239

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

17

38. D
Body language. Body language includes gestures, facial expressions, posture, eye contact, and any
other form of communicating without words. The body language you use reveals as much about what you
are thinking as the words you use. A service attitude is the salesperson's commitment to the client's
needs as expressed through professional behavior. Patience is the ability to endure life's aggravations
and difficulties calmly. Empathy is the ability to put yourself in another person's place.
SOURCE: EI:025 Demonstrate self-control
SOURCE: LAP-EI-014—Control Yourself! (Demonstrating Self-Control)
39. B
Use it to improve your job performance. When criticism is fair, it highlights those areas which need to be
changed. Ignoring the criticism or complaining would be of no benefit. Most job situations invite criticism
at some time, so changing jobs is not a practical solution.
SOURCE: EI:003 Explain the use of feedback for personal growth
SOURCE: LAP-EI-903—Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
40. B
The role of women. The role of women is a common cultural issue, not a main cause of cultural
insensitivity. The four main causes of cultural insensitivity are ethnocentrism, stereotypes and prejudices,
fear, and ignorance.
SOURCE: EI:033 Exhibit cultural sensitivity
SOURCE: LAP-EI-033—Getting To Know You (Cultural Sensitivity)
41. B
Functional. Functional conflict exists when people disagree about something tangible or concrete. Often,
the people involved agree on a goal but have different approaches to the situation. Coworkers
disagreeing about the best way to solve a problem are involved in functional conflict. They agree that the
problem must be solved, but they disagree about the best way to do this. Emotional conflict arises when
people have different personal beliefs, values, or experiences. Intangible and specific are not types of
conflict.
SOURCE: EI:015 Use conflict-resolution skills
SOURCE: LAP-EI-007—Stop the Madness (Conflict Resolution in Business)
42. B
Helps ease any tension that arises. A sense of humor can ease the kinds of difficult situations and
conflicts that often affect team effort. It also helps you avoid taking yourself too seriously or being overly
impressed with your own importance. Keeping your emotions under control requires self-discipline. A
sense of humor does not help improve your decision-making skills or increase your self-confidence.
SOURCE: EI:045 Participate as a team member
SOURCE: LAP-EI-045—Team Up (Participating as a Team Member)
43. C
Create positive change. Vision is the future you desire to create and involves making positive changes to
make it happen, which requires determination and hard work. A person who has a vision for the future
does not avoid making mistakes and does not start out by setting specific goals. Visionary people often
make important decisions, but making important decisions is not their primary desire.
SOURCE: EI:063 Determine personal vision
SOURCE: LAP-EI-063—Picture This! (Determining Personal Vision)
44. A
New opportunities. A reputation for leadership can help you obtain new opportunities and grow your
professional network at work, school, or within organizations. Maintaining a reputation for leadership
does not allow you to bend the rules—it is important for leaders to hold themselves to the same high
standards as everyone else. Being a leader does not result in a loss of trust from coworkers or less
responsibility at work; in fact, being a leader often results in greater trust from those around you and
greater responsibilities.
SOURCE: EI:133 Inspire others
SOURCE: LAP-EI-133—A Force for Good (Inspiring Others)

Test 1239

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

18

45. B
Flexibility. Adaptability is often described as flexibility, although taking a few yoga classes won't
necessarily make you more adaptable. In fact, adaptability is a combination of many characteristics, and
it's important in lots of different situations. Adaptability is the opposite of rigidity and inelasticity. Inequity
is not the same as adaptability.
SOURCE: EI:006 Demonstrate adaptability
SOURCE: LAP-EI-023—Go With the Flow (Demonstrating Adaptability)
46. A
Allowing followers to take moderate risks. Achievement-oriented leaders allow their followers to take
moderate risks. This can lead to greater accomplishments for the team as well as more confidence for
the individuals. Achievement-oriented leaders set challenging goals for their followers, not easy goals.
They also provide feedback and expect their followers to take responsibility.
SOURCE: EI:027 Develop an achievement orientation
SOURCE: LAP-EI-027—High Hopes (Developing an Achievement Orientation)
47. B
Credit. There are different kinds of credit accounts that allow customers to buy now and pay later. These
include budget accounts, which are usually short-term credit arrangements, but the sales are not referred
to as budget sales. In a cash sale, the full price is paid at the time of purchase. A layaway sale is a type
of credit sale in which the customer does not take possession of the good or service until all payments
have been made.
SOURCE: FI:002 Explain the purposes and importance of credit
SOURCE: LAP-FI-002—Give Credit Where Credit Is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
48. A
Sexual harassment. Federal, state, and local laws require employees to treat each other with respect.
Sexual harassment is an example of illegal conduct that can cause lawsuits to be filed against both the
harasser and the business. Reading the newspaper, sleeping on the job, and arriving late take time away
from job performance and may result in a reprimand, but they are not illegal.
SOURCE: EI:036 Treat others with dignity and respect
SOURCE: LAP-EI-036—Everyone's Worthy (Treating Others With Dignity and Respect)
49. B
Avoid jumping to conclusions about the viewpoint. Even if you think that you won't agree with something
or someone, do your best to avoid jumping to conclusions or making assumptions. Instead, you should
pay attention with an open mind and a willingness to learn. You should not stop paying attention, listen or
read impatiently, or refuse to learn more about the viewpoint. These behaviors are disrespectful and
inappropriate.
SOURCE: EI:136 Consider conflicting viewpoints
SOURCE: LAP-EI-136—Pick a Side (Considering Conflicting Viewpoints)
50. A
Transparency. Transparency means being truthful when you communicate. It involves speaking up about
your feelings and communicating openly, even when it’s difficult. Fairness, viability, and accountability
are all important ethical principles, but they are not demonstrated in this example.
SOURCE: EI:123 Describe the nature of ethics
SOURCE: LAP-EI-123—Rules To Live By (Nature of Ethics)

Test 1239

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

19

51. C
Account balance requirement. Financial institutions often require customers to maintain a certain amount
of money in their bank accounts. The account holder may be charged fees if the minimal account balance
requirements are not met. Direct payroll deposit, overdraft protection, and online transaction options are
benefits or services that many types of checking account products offer that customers may need to pay
fees to obtain.
SOURCE: FI:058 Explain forms of financial exchange (cash, credit, debit, electronic funds transfer, etc.)
SOURCE: Query Genie. (n.d.). Advantages and disadvantages of savings and checking accounts.
Retrieved October 14, 2020, from http://querygenie.com/advantages-and-disadvantages-ofsavings-and-checking-accounts/
52. D
A store of value. Money functions as a store of value by holding onto its worth over time, inflation rates
permitting. Some goods, such as food, cannot be a store of value because they do not last over time.
Money is also a unit of account, which means that it is used to measure value in economic transactions,
but this is not demonstrated in this example. A medium of exchange is something of value that can be
exchanged to obtain goods and services; money falls into this category as well, but it is not demonstrated
in this example. Money is not unlimited; in fact, the limited supply of money is what maintains its value.
SOURCE: FI:060 Describe functions of money (medium of exchange, unit of measure, store of value)
SOURCE: Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis. (n.d.). Functions of money: The economic lowdown
podcast series, episode 9. Retrieved January 15, 2016, from
https://www.stlouisfed.org/education/economic-lowdown-podcast-series/episode-9-functionsof-money
53. D
Principal amount and interest rate. When a customer keeps her/his money in a financial institution (e.g.,
bank), s/he earns interest on the amount (principal) that s/he puts into her/his savings account. The
interest is paid to the customer's account by the financial institution. Over time, the customer earns
money on the principal by accumulating interest, which increases the future value of the savings account.
To calculate the future value of the savings account, it is necessary to know the principal amount, the
interest rate, and the length of time that the principal is in the account. Quarterly wages, late fees, annual
income, and insurance rates are not elements that will help a person calculate the future value of money
in a savings account.
SOURCE: FI:062 Explain the time value of money
SOURCE: Heyford, S.C. (2020, September 23). Understanding the time value of money. Retrieved
October 14, 2020, from http://www.investopedia.com/articles/03/082703.asp
54. B
Be able to encourage teamwork. An individual leading change must be able to convince others to work
together to accomplish goals. Anyone can lead change regardless of his/her work experience or desire to
be promoted. Change leaders need to help others understand and accept change; a demanding leader
who lacks understanding is less likely to be successful in implementing change.
SOURCE: EI:005 Lead change
SOURCE: LAP-EI-022—Start the Revolution (Leading Change)
55. A
Setting financial goals. Financial goals are objectives related to finances that individuals want to achieve.
Deciding to save money to buy a car in two years is a financial goal. Individuals often set financial goals
based on a time factor because they have a need that they want to satisfy. In this situation, buying a car
in two years is the need that can be satisfied by saving money every month. Deciding to save money is
not an investment, although the money that is saved might be invested or placed in a savings account.
An individual who decides to save money is not analyzing economic conditions and is not necessarily
opening an account.
SOURCE: FI:065 Set financial goals
SOURCE: Fontinelle, A. (2020, January 19). Setting financial goals for your future. Retrieved October
14, 2020, from https://www.investopedia.com/articles/personal-finance/100516/settingfinancial-goals/

Test 1239

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

20

56. B
Inflation. Inflation is the increase in the cost of goods and services over time. Interest is the reward
earned for saving or lending money. Compounding growth can be explained as earning interest on your
interest. Investment is using money to make more money.
SOURCE: FI:270 Explain the need to save and invest
SOURCE: Chen, J. (2020, March 26). Inflation. Retrieved October 14, 2020, from
http://www.investopedia.com/terms/i/inflation.asp
57. A
No, because net worth includes assets that are not liquid. Net worth is calculated by subtracting all
liabilities (current and long-term) from all assets (both liquid and those that cannot be easily converted to
cash). Luke may not have $5,000 in cash available to pay for the computer. A positive net worth indicates
he has more assets than liabilities in this scenario. Even though he could sell some of his less liquid
assets, such as real estate, he would likely need to pay for the computer before he can sell his assets.
SOURCE: FI:562 Determine personal net worth
SOURCE: Bankrate. (2020). Net worth calculator. Retrieved October 14, 2020, from
http://www.bankrate.com/calculators/smart-spending/personal-net-worth-calculator.aspx
58. A
Smile when you answer the telephone. Your attitude is projected over the telephone. A smile or a frown
can actually be "heard" in your voice by the person on the other end of the line. A smile indicates a
positive attitude, and a frown indicates a negative attitude. Using a wide vocabulary, being informed
about the business's rules, and shutting out distractions while you are talking to a caller are all helpful in
providing service, but they are not ways to demonstrate a positive attitude.
SOURCE: CO:114 Handle telephone calls in a businesslike manner
SOURCE: Unicom. (2019). 7 fundamentals of professional phone etiquette. Retrieved October 14,
2020, from https://www.unicomcorp.com/blog/7-fundamentals-professional-phone-etiquette/
59. C
Subtract them from your statement balance. The purpose of reconciling your bank statement with the
information in your checkbook is to find potential errors and to calculate an accurate ending balance. It's
typical to have some outstanding checks (checks recorded in your check register that do not appear on
your bank statement). You must subtract any outstanding checks from your statement balance to
properly reconcile your bank statement. Only credits such as deposits are added to the balance. Ignoring
an outstanding check can put you at risk of missing a payment or even fraud. If a check has not been
cashed and you believe it's an error, you should contact the payee and your bank to discover the cause.
SOURCE: FI:070 Read and reconcile bank statements
SOURCE: Caldwell, M. (2019, May 14). Learn how to balance your checkbook. Retrieved October 14,
2020, from https://www.thebalance.com/how-to-balance-your-checkbook-2385975
60. D
Phishing. Phishing occurs when a scammer sends out an email made to look like it's from a legitimate
company, such as a credit card company, in order to gain personal information. The phisher typically
sends readers to a fake website that asks them to enter personal information, which can include credit
card numbers, social security numbers, bank account numbers, etc. It's a good idea to be especially
suspicious of any requests for personal information you receive online. Avoid giving out personal
information unless you contact the company yourself. Skimming occurs when a thief runs a credit card
through a "skimmer" to steal personal information. Hacking involves a person gaining access to a
computer system to steal information. Baiting is not a term commonly used to describe phishing.
SOURCE: FI:073 Protect against identity theft
SOURCE: Microsoft. (2020). Protect yourself from phishing. Retrieved October 14, 2020, from
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/4033787/windows-protect-yourself-from-phishing

Test 1239

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

21

61. B
Provide a mortgage. Cecelia could reach out to her bank to apply for a mortgage to buy a home. While
banks offer wealth management, mobile check deposits, and brokerage services, none of these is
specifically related to buying a home.
SOURCE: FI:075 Describe types of financial-services providers
SOURCE: First Bank. (2020). Four different types of services: Banking. Retrieved October 14, 2020,
from https://localfirstbank.com/article/four-different-types-of-services-banking/
62. B
Money market accounts, certificates of deposit, and bonds. Investments in which individuals allow
borrowers to use their money for a period of time for a specified fee or rate of interest are lending
investments. Money market accounts, certificates of deposit, bonds, and savings accounts are types of
lending investments. Investments in which individuals purchase a portion or all of an item are called
ownership investments. Collectibles, stocks, and real estate are types of ownership investments.
SOURCE: FI:077 Explain types of investments
SOURCE: LAP-FI-077—Invest for Success (Types of Investments)
63. A
Contributions are deducted before earnings are taxed. Deducting contributions from earnings reduces
taxable income, which also lowers the amount of tax withheld from a person's paychecks. Contributions
to a 401(k) are not taxed when they are contributed, but are taxed upon withdrawal instead. Net earnings
are not taxed. While many employers match 401(k) contributions, doing so doesn't reduce the taxes
withheld from a person's paycheck.
SOURCE: FI:569 Discuss the nature of retirement planning
SOURCE: Cussen, M. (2020, July 30). The basics of a 401(k) retirement plan. Retrieved October 14,
2020, from https://www.investopedia.com/articles/retirement/08/401k-info.asp
64. D
Language. Financial information is not useful if it does not contain understandable formatting and
language. It is often not necessary for readers to understand each footnote in a financial report. People
use financial information to analyze potential investments, but the information itself does not have to
come in the form of an analysis. It does not have to include recommendations to be understandable.
SOURCE: FI:579 Describe the need for financial information
SOURCE: LAP-FI-579—By the Numbers (The Need for Financial Information)
65. B
Current assets. Assets are anything of value the business owns. Current assets would include cash on
hand, accounts receivable, and inventory owned by the business. Income is money received by a
business or an individual from an outside source. Liabilities are debts that the business owes. Capital
gain refers to the difference between the purchase price and selling price of an investment.
SOURCE: FI:085 Explain the concept of accounting
SOURCE: LAP-FI-085—Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
66. C
Equity. Assets a company already owns and can use to finance a new venture are known as equity.
Aisha's using equity when she purchases new ovens with money she already has saved up. Dividends
are sums of money paid to investors or stockholders as earnings on investments. Debt refers to taking
out a loan from a bank or other lending institution. Since Aisha already has her money, she doesn't have
to go into debt to buy the new ovens. Accounts receivable refers to all the money owed to the business
by others.
SOURCE: FI:354 Explain the role of finance in business
SOURCE: LAP-FI-354—Money Matters (Role of Finance)

Test 1239

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

22

67. D
Exit interview. Exit interviews are discussions with employees who are leaving that are designed to gain
feedback for the business. Businesses often consider this feedback when making policy changes that
affect compensation, working conditions, etc. Application screening involves weeding out the applicants
that do not meet minimum requirements for the job or have not satisfactorily completed the application.
The human resources function conducts onboarding activities when new employees join the company
(e.g., orientation, facility tour or familiarization, and paperwork).
SOURCE: HR:410 Discuss the nature of human resources management
SOURCE: LAP-HR-410—People Pusher (Nature of Human Resources Management)
68. A
Can of soda. Nondurable goods are tangible items, such as a can of soda, that are consumed within a
short time. A bus tour is classified as a service. Durable goods, such as televisions or pillows, are
intended to last a relatively long period of time.
SOURCE: MK:001 Explain marketing and its importance in a global economy
SOURCE: LAP-MK-004—Have It Your Way! (Nature of Marketing)
69. A
Politicians are unethical and should not be trusted. When analyzing information, it is important to
separate opinion from fact. Facts contain true data or information. An opinion is a person's point of view
or belief about a topic. A person may believe that all politicians are unethical and untrustworthy, but not
all people believe this statement, nor can the statement be proven. The alternative statements are facts.
SOURCE: NF:077 Assess information needs
SOURCE: St. Joseph's College. (2020, July 9). Evaluating sources: Fact checking, fake news, and bias:
Fact vs opinion. Retrieved October 14, 2020, from
https://brooklyn.sjcny.libguides.com/c.php?g=648836&p=4692986
70. A
The information is typically carefully checked for accuracy. Most printed publications go through several
rounds of editing and review to ensure they are accurate. Authors affiliated with professional
organizations could have bias toward a special interest group, which can result in biased information.
Published information can become quickly outdated. Publishers do sometimes support special interest
groups, but they clearly indicate those associations so a researcher can determine if s/he should trust the
information.
SOURCE: NF:079 Evaluate quality and source of information
SOURCE: Purdue Online Writing Lab. (2020). Evaluating sources: Introduction. Retrieved on October
14, 2020, from
https://owl.purdue.edu/owl/research_and_citation/conducting_research/evaluating_sources_
of_information/index.html
71. D
The Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 is a major federal law regarding information
management and accounting records. Businesses must take proper steps to comply with this legislation.
The Sherman Anti-Trust Act relates to monopolies. The Landrum-Griffin Act and the Taft-Hartley Act both
relate to labor issues.
SOURCE: NF:110 Discuss the nature of information management
SOURCE: LAP-NF-110—In the Know (Nature of Information Management)

Test 1239

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

23

72. C
Practice good housekeeping. Poor housekeeping is a frequent cause of all kinds of accidents. By simply
keeping the workplace clean and tidy, employees can prevent slipping in puddles or tripping and falling
over objects. The purchase of workers' compensation insurance guarantees payment of wages and
medical expenses to employees injured on the job. It is impossible to eliminate human error, which is the
cause of many accidents. Posting emergency numbers would aid in calling for help when an accident
occurs.
SOURCE: OP:009 Explain procedures for handling accidents
SOURCE: AZ Big Media. (2020, May 28). 8 ways to prevent injuries in your workplace. Retrieved
October 14, 2020, from https://azbigmedia.com/business/8-ways-to-prevent-injuries-in-yourworkplace/
73. C
Operating system. The operating system manages the hardware and software and makes the computer
work. The system connects the software to the hardware and controls the overall operation of the
computer. The set of computer programs that manages the hardware and software of a computer is not
the digital connection, the transfer protocol, or the electronic resource.
SOURCE: NF:085 Use basic operating systems
SOURCE: Goodwill Community Foundation. (2020). What is an operating system? Retrieved October
14, 2020, from https://edu.gcfglobal.org/en/computerbasics/understanding-operatingsystems/1/
74. C
More trustworthy. If a website ends in .gov, it is more likely to have trustworthy, researched information.
Websites that end in .gov can only be owned and operated by the government, while websites that end in
.com can be owned and operated by anyone. Sites that end in .gov are not necessarily more or less
recent than sites ending in .com.
SOURCE: NF:086 Describe the scope of the Internet
SOURCE: Western Kentucky University Libraries. (2020, October 8). Website evaluation tools.
Retrieved October 14, 2020, from
https://libguides.wku.edu/c.php?g=271525&p=6517711#:~:text=gov%20or%20.,used%20to
%20sway%20public%20opinion
75. B
Email inquiry field. Many businesses provide a feedback option on their websites that enables customers
to email the business concerning problems or to ask questions. The email inquiry field is an effective
method of providing customer service as long as the business responds in an appropriate amount of
time. A portable document format allows users to view files created by another operating system. An
electronic file attachment allows a user to send an attachment with an email message. Computer
programming code is used to create software, web pages, etc.
SOURCE: NF:004 Demonstrate basic e-mail functions
SOURCE: JotForm. (2020). Inquiry form. Retrieved October 14, 2020, from
https://www.jotform.com/form-templates/inquiry-form
76. D
Font. The format bar or ribbon sits above the document. It provides a set of buttons that enables users to
change or format different aspects of the document. The font buttons in the format bar include the option
that enables users to change the size of text. Other buttons in the font format bar enable users to bold or
italicize text or change the typeface or color of the text. The paragraph, clipboard, and view buttons do
not enable users to change the size of the text.
SOURCE: NF:007 Demonstrate basic word processing skills
SOURCE: Computer Hope. (2019, November 16). How do I change the font color, size, or type in
Word? Retrieved October 14, 2020, from
http://www.computerhope.com/issues/ch000829.htm

Test 1239

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

24

77. C
Transition. Presentation software applications provide computer users with the option to add different
sound and visual effects when moving from slide to slide. This option is called a transition. The transition
makes the presentation more interesting and visually appealing. The addition of visual and sound effects
between slides is not referred to as a feed, jump, or lead.
SOURCE: NF:008 Demonstrate basic presentation applications
SOURCE: Microsoft. (2020). Add transitions between slides. Retrieved October 14, 2020, from
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/office/add-transitions-between-slides-e89a076e-ed81404e-9598-021a918fa1ba
78. A
Share information. Collaborative computer software allows employees to access the same business
information. For example, sales staff, promotions staff, and accounting staff may need access to a
comprehensive customer database for different reasons. A salesperson may need to retrieve a
customer's purchasing history from the database to obtain the necessary facts s/he needs to process an
order. The promotions staff may need to access the database to obtain the customers' addresses for a
direct-mail campaign. The accounting staff may access the customer database to check the customers'
billing information. An advantage to sharing the information is that efficiency increases because the
employees have access to current and relevant information that they need to do their jobs. The primary
purpose of collaborative software is not to archive old documents, interpret data, or maintain authority.
SOURCE: NF:011 Demonstrate collaborative/groupware applications
SOURCE: BPC. (n.d.). Collaborative software (groupware). Retrieved October 14, 2020, from
http://www.bestpricecomputers.co.uk/glossary/collaborative-software.htm
79. C
Operations. Operations management is the process of planning, controlling, and monitoring the day-today activities required for the company to function. Because planning a production schedule involves
making sure that resources (e.g., workers, equipment, raw materials) are available to produce the
company's goods and/or services, Mr. Mason is performing operations activities. Without these
resources, the business cannot function. Sales tasks are types of marketing activities. Maintenance
activities involve the upkeep of facilities and equipment. Services are intangible products.
SOURCE: OP:189 Explain the nature of operations
SOURCE: Hayes, A. (2019, May 2). Operating activities. Retrieved October 14, 2020, from
http://www.investopedia.com/terms/o/operating-activities.asp
80. A
Cheri's employer. Employers are required to have policies in place to train employees in the proper use
of equipment and protective devices to avoid injury. An employer is held accountable for the safety of its
employees and for the actions of its managers. Employees should use safe techniques and safety
equipment as instructed, but companies need to ensure that safe methods are used and followed.
Governments provide laws and safety guidelines that companies must follow to protect workers from
unsafe working conditions.
SOURCE: OP:004 Describe health and safety regulations in business
SOURCE: ROSPA. (2019, August 30). Health and safety advice pack for smaller firms. Retrieved
October 14, 2020, from https://www.rospa.com/occupational-safety/advice/smallfirms/pack/why-important/
81. B
An inquiry. Inquiries are written to ask for more information concerning a product or service. An
application is a form requesting acceptance into an organization, group, or company. A short report gives
brief details about a project, product, or service. A proposal suggests a course of action to be taken.
SOURCE: CO:040 Write inquiries
SOURCE: Beare, K. (2019, May 27). The fundamentals of writing an inquiry business letter. Retrieved
October 14, 2020, from https://www.thoughtco.com/inquiry-letters-1210169

Test 1239

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

25

82. D
Self-confidence. Self-confidence is a positive belief in your own talents, skills, and objectives. One way to
demonstrate self-confidence is to accept compliments graciously. Rather than dismissing his boss's
compliment or shrugging it off, Omar accepts the compliment with confidence in himself by thanking his
boss and acknowledging his hard work. Arrogance is an inflated sense of self-importance. Omar is not
being arrogant in his response to the compliment. Transparency involves maintaining honest and open
communication. Omar is not necessarily demonstrating transparency in this situation. Initiative is
willingness to act without having to be told to do so. Omar is not necessarily demonstrating initiative in
this situation.
SOURCE: EI:023 Exhibit self-confidence
SOURCE: Mind Tools. (2020). Building self-confidence. Retrieved October 14, 2020, from
https://www.mindtools.com/selfconf.html
83. D
Report or correct the hazard. If the hazard is something the employee can fix at no danger to him/herself
or others, the employee should do so. Such hazards might include water on the floor that can easily be
wiped up, a wrinkle in a floor mat that can be straightened, or a rough edge on a counter that can
temporarily be covered with tape. If the hazard is something that requires expert repair, such as
malfunctioning equipment or electrical fixtures, the employee should report the hazard to a supervisor.
Avoiding or recording the hazard and its location is not helpful. Determining the cause of the hazard is
not necessary and not usually the employee's responsibility.
SOURCE: OP:007 Follow safety precautions
SOURCE: Smithers, J. (2016, June 28). 11 steps to properly reporting and investigating safety hazards.
Retrieved October 14, 2020, from https://www.bizjournals.com/bizjournals/how-to/humanresources/2016/06/11-steps-to-properly-reporting-safety-hazards.html
84. D
Information systems. An information system is a method of gathering, storing, and analyzing data for the
purpose of making business decisions. Businesses acquire vast amounts of information that must be
stored and analyzed to make it useful. An effective information system enables a business to quickly and
accurately process information and use that information to make decisions. Businesses do not develop
operating procedures, survey methods, or management policies to be able to store and analyze data for
the purpose of making business decisions.
SOURCE: NF:083 Explain the role of information systems
SOURCE: Zwass, V. (2020). Information system. Retrieved October 14, 2020, from
https://www.britannica.com/topic/information-system
85. D
Fraud. Fraud is deceiving or cheating an individual or a business out of money or property. Not allowing
employees to bring personal belongings into the work area reduces the possibility that employees will try
to conceal goods and carry them out of the business. Robbery is theft that involves the use of force,
violence, or fear. Burglary is any illegal entry into a building to commit a theft. Shoplifting is theft of goods
by customers.
SOURCE: OP:013 Explain routine security precautions
SOURCE: Chen, J. (2020, August 1). Fraud. Retrieved October 14, 2020, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/f/fraud.asp
86. A
Monitoring projects creates accountability. Monitoring projects keeps everyone on track and makes sure
everyone knows what is expected of them, such as the case with Vicki and Dalton. This is not an
example of how projects should be done individually, how communications among project members are
usually problematic, or how projects with more people involved are more complicated.
SOURCE: OP:520 Monitor projects and take corrective actions
SOURCE: LAP-OP-520—Check Your (Project) Pulse (Monitoring Projects and Taking Corrective
Actions)

Test 1239

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

26

87. A
Employee productivity decreases. Businesses need office supplies to operate efficiently. If a business
runs out of necessary supplies, the employees' productivity decreases because they do not have the
tools available to do their jobs efficiently. For example, if a business runs out of copy paper and forms, its
employees cannot print letters, reports, or invoices or conduct other activities that are necessary to keep
the business operating smoothly. Many businesses develop inventory control procedures to monitor their
supplies to reduce the risk of running out of supplies. Businesses (e.g., manufacturers) charge their
customers restocking fees for returning ordered goods that the customers no longer want or need.
Restocking fees are part of the business's return policies rather than its operating polices.
SOURCE: OP:031 Maintain inventory of supplies
SOURCE: Cake. (2019, September 18). 5 critical factors affecting employee productivity at work.
Retrieved October 14, 2020, from https://blog.cake.hr/5-critical-factors-affecting-employeeproductivity-at-work/
88. C
Capital-intensive. Capital-intensive production processes rely heavily on the use of expensive equipment
and materials rather than on the activities of workers. Facilities that generate electrical power are
examples of capital-intensive production processes because they use expensive equipment but few
workers. Intermittent production processes periodically stop and restart at a later time. Labor-intensive
production processes cannot take place without skilled workers. Standardized production processes
require simple, repetitive tasks.
SOURCE: OP:017 Explain the concept of production
SOURCE: LAP-OP-017—Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
89. A
Product development. Early stages in the supply chain involve procuring raw materials and developing
them into a valuable product. Creating advertisements, communicating with customers, and setting prices
are all aspects of marketing rather than of supply chain management.
SOURCE: OP:443 Explain the concept of supply chain
SOURCE: Lumen. (n.d.). Components of a supply chain. Retrieved October 14, 2020, from
https://courses.lumenlearning.com/marketing-spring2016/chapter/reading-components-of-asupply-chain/
90. A
Their image affects the company's image. Employees of many businesses can expect a great deal of
customer contact. Customers form an image of the company, and it is often based on or affected by the
appearance of the firm's employees. Appearance doesn't necessarily prevent employment or ensure
promotion. Being attractive to others is a personal reason for maintaining appearance.
SOURCE: PD:002 Maintain appropriate personal appearance
SOURCE: LAP-PD-002—Brand Me (Personal Appearance)
91. A
Writing down your goals to clarify them. It's important to put your goals on paper. If you form an idea of
what you want to do but neglect to write it down, you could forget it. But, a written goal is something you
can refer back to at any time. You can look it over to keep yourself on target as you work toward
achieving it. Writing out your goals also helps you clarify them in your own mind. Your goals should be
SMART—specific, measurable, attainable, results-oriented and relevant, and time-bound. You are
unlikely to meet goals that are vague, unattainable, or with an open time frame.
SOURCE: PD:018 Set personal goals
SOURCE: LAP-PD-016—Go for the Goal (Goal Setting)
92. C
Product. Product innovation occurs when a business either creates or improves a product. When a
computer company creates a new kind of software, this is considered product innovation. Process
innovation focuses on how something is done. Positioning innovation occurs when the purpose of a
product is changed. Paradigm innovation occurs when there is a significant change in thinking.
SOURCE: PD:126 Explain the need for innovation skills
SOURCE: LAP-PD-126—Ideas in Action (Innovation Skills)

Test 1239

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

27

93. D
Logic. Logic is a way to make sense of the facts—apart from personal or outside influence. The way
information is presented to you is called framing. Input is the actual information received from others—not
the way it is presented. Style is the method for including others in the decision-making process.
SOURCE: PD:017 Make decisions
SOURCE: LAP-PD-017—Weigh Your Options (Decision-Making)
94. A
Trade associations. A trade association is a group of persons in the same industry or geographic area
who form a society to solve their common problems. Local trade associations often are an excellent
source of career information because they know what types of jobs are available in their industry in the
community. For example, the local builders' association knows which construction companies are hiring
and for which jobs. Regional magazines usually do not contain career information. National corporations
are a source of local career information only if they have locations in the community. Library publications
usually do not focus on career information.
SOURCE: PD:022 Identify sources of career information
SOURCE: Property Care Association. (2020). What is a trade association? Retrieved October 14, 2020,
from https://www.property-care.org/us/trade-association/
95. D
Human resources management. The employee who interviewed Jared and took him through the hiring
process works in human resources management. Human resources management careers focus on the
staffing activities that involve planning, recruitment, selection, orientation, training, performance
appraisal, compensation, and safety of employees. This employee does not work in marketing
management, banking services, or operations management. Careers in marketing management involve
all marketing functions, including channel management, marketing-information management, pricing,
product/service management, promotion, and selling. Banking services include cash management, shortterm investments, mortgages and other loans, credit cards, and bill payment. Employees working in
operations management focus on planning, organizing, coordinating, and controlling the resources
needed to produce/provide a business's goods and/or services.
SOURCE: PD:025 Explain employment opportunities in business
SOURCE: LAP-PD-025—Go for It! (Careers in Business)
96. A
Having a personal data sheet. A personal data sheet is a list of information such as the applicant's Social
Security number; the names, addresses, and telephone numbers of references; dates of previous
employment; grade point average; and any other data that might be asked for on a job application. Job
applicants who prepare and use a personal data sheet can fill out job applications quickly, easily, and
accurately because they have all the data they need on the sheet. Keeping a file of job leads helps the
applicant organize his/her search for a job. Knowing someone at the business would not necessarily help
a job applicant complete a job application. Having customer service experience, while a valuable skill,
would not necessarily be helpful in filling out job application forms.
SOURCE: PD:027 Complete a job application
SOURCE: WikiHow. (2020, March 26). How to make a personal data sheet. Retrieved October 14,
2020, from http://www.wikihow.com/Make-a-Personal-Data-Sheet
97. C
Yes, he can write a brief statement about his computer skills. One of the benefits to the job applicant of
sending a follow-up email after a job interview is that it presents an opportunity to add important
information that may not have been mentioned during the interview. Since the email itself should be
short, any added information should be brief, not a detailed description. The email should include
appreciation for the interview, but it does not need to be limited to a few words of thanks. It is acceptable
for the applicant to let the interviewer know that s/he forgot something as this is a common occurrence
and does not indicate incompetence.
SOURCE: PD:029 Write a follow-up letter after job interviews
SOURCE: Indeed. (2020, September 3). Follow-up email examples for after the interview. Retrieved
October 14, 2020, from https://www.indeed.com/career-advice/interviewing/follow-up-emailexamples-after-interview

Test 1239

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

28

98. B
Education, work experience, and contact information. Every résumé should include the job applicant's
education, work experience, and contact information. References are often listed on a separate
document. Personal goals, personal interests, and political affiliation are not necessary elements to
include on a résumé.
SOURCE: PD:031 Prepare a résumé
SOURCE: Indeed. (2020). Here's everything you should include on a resume. Retrieved October 14,
2020, from https://www.indeed.com/career-advice/resumes-cover-letters/what-to-include-ona-resume
99. A
Continue their education. Employees need to continue learning and improving their skills in order to keep
up with changes in technology. For example, many businesses are replacing existing equipment with
advanced models that are more complex or perform more operations. Employees need to be willing to
learn the skills necessary to operate advanced equipment because their former skills are obsolete.
Employees should not change jobs frequently. Modifying personal behavior will not necessarily prevent
employees' skills from becoming obsolete unless they also continue their education. Many employees
are responsible for performing specific tasks and are not able to delegate that responsibility to others.
SOURCE: PD:033 Explain the need for ongoing education as a worker
SOURCE: Cohen, I. (2015, July 9). Benefits of continuing education for everyone. Retrieved October
14, 2020, from https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/benefits-continuing-education-everyone-iancohen/
100. A
Rules of conduct. The rules of conduct outline a company's policies, procedures, and expectations
regarding employees' behavior in the workplace. An organizational chart is a graphical representation of
the flow of authority within an organization. Formal methods of settling disagreements between workers
and employers are grievance procedures. Articles of incorporation is a document outlining a corporation's
name, purpose, location, amount of stock to be issued, names of the board of directors, and other
information about the conditions under which the business will operate.
SOURCE: PD:251 Follow rules of conduct
SOURCE: Brunot, T. (2019, May 8). The importance of the code of conduct. Retrieved October 14,
2020, from https://bizfluent.com/about-6559640-importance-code-conduct.html

