1. Which of the following is an example of a personal liability:
A. Mutual funds
B. Mortgage
C. Treasury bills
D. Vacation home

2. Why is it important for businesses to follow local health ordinances?
A. To lower the need for medical care facilities
B. To protect the natural environment
C. To reduce the risk of widespread illness
D. To prevent accidents in the workplace

3. The time value of money says a dollar you receive in the future will be worth less than a dollar received today due to
A. interest.
B. exchange rates.
C. disposable income.
D. inflation.

4. A mission statement primarily deals with
A. what you plan to do in the future.
B. what you are doing right now.
C. what you regret not doing in the past.
D. what you have done in the past.

5. Which type of customer can best be described as being shy, insecure, and sensitive?
A. Domineering/Superior
B. Dishonest
C. Suspicious
D. Slow/Methodical

6. Employee recognition and approval is a form of __________ feedback.
A. negative
B. positive
C. internal
D. critical

7. Standing very close to someone with whom you are talking can be an indication of __________ behavior.
A. passive
B. assertive
C. aggressive
D. subversive

8. Which of the following is a capability of a presentation software program:
A. Copying and printing documents
B. Connecting several computers
C. Calculating mathematical data
D. Combining animation and sound

9. After careful consideration, Kayla has decided to major in biology in college. Kayla's choice of major was most likely a(n) __________ decision.
A. routine
B. extensive
C. limited
D. unlimited

10. An advantage to a business that uses intranet capabilities is that it allows employees to share the business's information with
A. former employees.
B. each other.
C. customers.
D. competitors.

11. Interest and enthusiasm are very important parts of a(n)
A. business cycle.
B. orderly environment.
C. positive attitude.
D. partnership agreement.

12. A company that wants to present an image of professionalism can help reinforce the image by requiring employees to
A. park in designated areas.
B. dress and act professionally.
C. be friendly and helpful.
D. maintain accurate timesheets.

13. What is a possible consequence of probate?
A. It keeps property from being appraised.
B. It prevents beneficiaries from paying taxes.
C. It can change the executor of a will.
D. It can be expensive and time-consuming.

14. To be understood on the phone, a business's employees should always
A. speak from notes.
B. use filler words.
C. speak rapidly.
D. enunciate clearly.

15. When reconciling your check register, it is important to __________ your balance.
A. subtract all applicable fees from
B. add ATM withdrawals to
C. subtract your earned interest from
D. add your debit card transactions to

16. Which of the following is an example of a nonrenewable resource:
A. Wind
B. Gold
C. Soil
D. Sunlight

17. What is needed to effectively handle situations such as fire, injury, bomb threats, and robbery that might occur on the business's property?
A. An operating strategy
B. A surveillance system
C. An evacuation map
D. An emergency plan

18. To demonstrate adaptability, it is important to recognize that
A. circumstances are always changing.
B. you can control the way others react.
C. fear of the unknown induces change.
D. it is always OK to stay in your comfort zone.

19. If a manager wants to be sure they correctly interpret their employees' nonverbal cues, how should they communicate with them?
A. Through an office-wide memo
B. By phone
C. Face-to-face
D. By email

20. If a manager is focused on improving sales revenue, they are likely to keep this goal in mind when planning an upcoming marketing campaign. This is an example of how
A. priorities impact the way a project is planned.
B. budget controls how a project is planned.
C. increased sales are a benefit of project planning.
D. project planning is not a good use of time.

21. How do businesses transfer risk?
A. Implement security measures
B. Screen employees
C. Obtain insurance
D. Check for hazards

22. One way to maintain a positive attitude is to
A. focus on your own needs and ignore the needs of others.
B. share the good and bad of your life with others.
C. avoid sharing your feelings with others.
D. be critical of yourself when you make a mistake.

23. Which of the following statements depicts responsible behavior on the part of the employee:
A. "I told my supervisor I would work on Friday nights, so I will be here Friday."
B. "I tried to handle that problem, but the customer became angry and walked out."
C. "I'm sure I understand my job duties, and I don't have to do that."
D. "I'm sorry the job didn't get done, but the other workers left early."

24. To participate effectively in a staff meeting, you should
A. read important documents and do research ahead of time so you're prepared.
B. share your opinion on each topic discussed so your manager knows you're paying attention.
C. bring up any personal concerns so that they can be discussed with the group.
D. answer emails during slow points so you don't waste any company time.

25. A sales manager computes the number of sales each salesperson completes each day. The manager is measuring
A. sales potential.
B. break-even point.
C. worker efficiency.
D. worker productivity.

26. Because a business spends a lot of money to purchase and maintain office equipment, it expects its employees to
A. ask others to operate equipment that they do not know how to use.
B. call service personnel when equipment is not working correctly.
C. develop procedures to fix the equipment.
D. use and handle the equipment with care.

27. Investors who cannot handle much risk often put their money into
A. business opportunities.
B. collectibles.
C. lending investments.
D. ownership investments.

28. Individuals can change from a negative to a positive attitude through the use of
A. self-esteem.
B. self-control.
C. maladjustment.
D. aggressiveness.

29. Kerry, Oliver, and Caroline are working together to develop a solution for their company's increasing employee-turnover rate. However, Caroline keeps attempting to convince the group that her ideas are better than any other alternatives. This is an example of what disadvantage of group problem-solving?
A. Greater output
B. Lack of direction
C. Time constraints
D. Competition

30. The operations function consists mainly of activities that are performed on a __________ basis.
A. daily
B. weekly
C. monthly
D. yearly

31. When giving verbal directions, you should
A. choose high-level, academic vocabulary.
B. generalize instructions so individuals can interpret them in their own ways.
C. use a commanding, authoritative voice.
D. make sure your instructions are aimed toward a specific goal.

32. Mitali always does what she says she's going to do. Her coachees can count on her because she is
A. dependable.
B. flexible.
C. enthusiastic.
D. humble.

33. Leadership is important when things are going well for a business because
A. team members usually embrace change.
B. employees become discouraged in times of crisis.
C. people don't need role models.
D. leaders determine the next step for the organization.

34. Which of the following statements about the importance of emergency funds is true:
A. Emergency funds increase the need to take out a loan or use credit cards.
B. Emergency funds tend to be cash or highly liquid assets.
C. Emergency funds should be used for vacations or entertainment.
D. Emergency funds should typically be sufficient to pay one month's worth of expenses.

35. Which of the following is an onboarding activity:
A. Exit interviews
B. Grievances
C. Compliance
D. Orientation

36. The question “Who is experiencing the conflict?” can provide insight about the
A. other person's personality.
B. type of disagreement that is occurring.
C. core issue surrounding the disagreement.
D. importance of the relationship.

37. Lack of economic growth is a major problem for __________ economic systems.
A. communist command
B. traditional
C. socialist command
D. market

38. When reconciling a bank statement, you use check marks to do which of the following:
A. Identify the items you have compared.
B. Void the checks you have ruined.
C. Total the interest you have received.
D. Correct the deposits you have missed.

39. Appropriate information management helps a business build a good reputation by
A. eliminating all mistakes.
B. being consistent.
C. offering quality products.
D. charging high prices.

40. After Lana finishes writing the promotional copy for a direct-mail letter, she plans to proofread and edit her work on her computer. What technique should Lana use to determine if the text is clear and logical?
A. Correcting grammatical mistakes
B. Correcting punctuation errors
C. Reading the text backwards
D. Reading the text aloud

41. When talking with friends, you might use a(n) __________ communication style, but when talking with your company's CEO, you should use a(n) __________ communication style.
A. passive; assertive
B. informal; formal
C. verbal; nonverbal
D. internal; external

42. When Brian got a new job, he made sure he knew how to use the cash register, became familiar with all the products and prices, and kept his work station very organized. In which way did Brian demonstrate the customer service mindset?
A. Following through
B. Being efficient
C. Following up
D. Being accurate

43. Using words such as “and,” “or,” and “not” when searching online allows you to
A. use the stem of a word to search for variations of the word.
B. combine different search terms in various ways to find more targeted results.
C. find terms that are near each other rather than right next to each other.
D. look for your term anywhere within a web page or article.

44. Which of the following is a common product-related complaint:
A. Poor service
B. Reduced price
C. Pressure selling
D. Incorrect size

45. To evaluate any idea objectively, it is important to consider
A. market research.
B. potential problems.
C. personal opinions.
D. competitors' activities.

46. What is a type of informal communication that coworkers often use to communicate with each other?
A. Feedback
B. Network
C. Grapevine
D. Structured

47. To interpret business policies to customers, salespeople must
A. understand the business's policies.
B. feel good about the policies.
C. get permission from management.
D. help to set the business's policies.

48. An African American teenager worked in a Chinese restaurant operated by people of Asian ancestry. What difference between the teenager and the others is illustrated in this example?
A. Religion
B. Race
C. Education
D. Personality

49. Which of the following is an example of a receiver creating a barrier to communication:
A. Courtland takes notes during a meeting.
B. Caleb uses “um” and “like” in his conversations.
C. Keisha texts her supervisor “2 sick 4 work, sry.”
D. Muriel ignores her roommate's text message.

50. During its 20 years of operation, the Normandy Company has made very few changes to its accounting methods and system. As a result, the company's financial information is likely to be very
A. conservative.
B. comparable.
C. consistent.
D. reliable.
51. One way that technological innovation has changed business is by decreasing the use of
A. skilled workers.
B. phone systems.
C. paper forms.
D. electronic mail.

52. Zola is writing a follow-up letter to a potential employer after her recent interview. Which of the following would be most appropriate to include in the letter:
A. A desired salary and Zola's research regarding current compensation trends
B. A question regarding the company's vacation package so Zola can make plans
C. A reinforcement of how Zola's experience can help the company reach its goals
D. A copy of Zola's resume to ensure the employer sees all of her accomplishments

53. Think about the last time you ate an apple. That apple passed through several hands before it reached your lunch bag. First, the apple was grown by a farmer, who sold it to a wholesaler or distributor, who then sold it to a retail store. Finally, the apple was bought by you or your parents—the final consumers. The apple's journey from farm to table is an example of
A. supply chain.
B. deflation.
C. marketing.
D. manufacturing.

54. Which of the following is an example of an integrated software application:
A. URL
B. Point-of-sale
C. Java
D. SMS

55. Shawn is preparing for an interview with a local company. He knows that he should ask relevant questions about the job at the end of the interview. Which of the following will help him prepare these questions:
A. Asking his friends what questions they think he should ask
B. Conducting research about the company prior to the interview
C. Finding background information about the interviewer's high school and asking them about it to form a personal relationship
D. Relying on the interviewer to generate the questions

56. Which of the following is an example of an employee invading a coworker's privacy:
A. John reads the email message on Suzanne's computer screen while she is away from her desk.
B. Christina quietly leaves the room and shuts the door when Paul receives a personal phone call.
C. Martha knocks on the door before entering the meeting room to tell Ryan that his client has arrived.
D. Kevin takes Sarah's stapler off her desk after she tells him it is OK to borrow it for a while.

57. Using the accrual method of accounting, calculate the amount of sales that a business would record for one week if it has $12,650 in cash sales, $15,900 in credit sales, and $14,125 cash-on-hand.
A. $28,550
B. $26,775
C. $30,025
D. $42,675

58. Roc's Burger Palace recently began accepting credit cards, which gives customers another method of payment. Accepting credit cards helps create __________ utility.
A. possession
B. place
C. time
D. form

59. Sammie has a job as a salesperson at a clothing retailer. How can she turn this job into a career?
A. Take on more hours per week
B. Obtain a degree in fashion merchandising
C. Get a new job with a different retailer
D. Ask her manager for a pay raise

60. The line on a check that reads “Pay to the order of” is where you write
A. the payment amount in word form.
B. the recipient's name.
C. your signature.
D. the payment amount in numeric form.

61. Which of the following is an example of a business situation in which employees might need to use problem-solving skills:
A. An employee agrees to work overtime to complete a project.
B. A supervisor gives a senior employee a superior evaluation.
C. A new employee suggests changing an established procedure.
D. A manager asks an employee to be a mentor to a new hire.

62. Leyla's teacher has told her that she seems to be able to learn new math skills very easily. The teacher has described one of Leyla's
A. values.
B. aptitudes.
C. interests.
D. concepts.

63. Going a day without eating desserts is an example of a(n) __________, whereas improving your health overall is an example of a(n) __________.
A. short-term goal; long-term goal
B. obligation; commitment
C. long-term goal; short-term goal
D. commitment; obligation

64. Nia, the manager of a large group of employees in her company, is responsible for planning the annual holiday party. To determine which toppings her employees like on their pizza, Nia created an online survey for her team to complete with the options cheese, pepperoni, sausage, meat lovers, veggie, and other. She wants to know how many employees prefer each specific topping and compare the totals of each selection. So, she created a graph that represents the totals across two axes. What type of graph did Nia create?
A. Pie chart
B. Line graph
C. Table
D. Bar graph

65. Which of the following would most likely appear in an email message subject line:
A. Letter123.docx
B. Dear Tracy
C. Your Confirmation Number
D. www.infotrack.com

66. How do you monitor the quality of your project?
A. Pay attention to potential issues.
B. Ensure that your team members are on task.
C. Examine the budget.
D. Compare your project work to preset standards.

67. Using your values as a guide for your behavior can help you make __________ decisions and act with __________.
A. controversial; discretion
B. ethical; integrity
C. informed; disrespect
D. educated; goals in mind

68. A group of individuals organized by a charter and permitted to form a business that functions as a legal entity is known as a
A. corporation.
B. sole proprietorship.
C. partnership.
D. licensing arrangement.

69. Decisions about financing refer to the
A. administration of assets.
B. accounting department.
C. acquisition of funds.
D. accounts receivable.

70. Which of the following is a true statement about emotional intelligence and leadership:
A. Leaders need to be confident that what they are doing is acceptable.
B. Leaders learn to outlast business fads and trends.
C. Leaders are expected to take action after problems develop.
D. Leaders have to get along with a wide variety of people.

71. The MNZ Company must determine how to develop new goods and services to meet its customers' needs and wants. What marketing function is the MNZ Company focusing on?
A. Product/Service management
B. Marketing-information management
C. Place
D. Promotion

72. Why is it important for individuals to assess their personal strengths and weaknesses?
A. To be able to respond appropriately in a crisis
B. To be able to negotiate their contracts
C. To get the most bang for their buck
D. To improve their performance

73. To better understand and follow directions on the job, employees often
A. practice tasks.
B. review notes.
C. do research.
D. ask questions.

74. What aspect of their employers' codes of conduct are employees violating when they regularly come into work late or leave early?
A. Safety
B. Appearance
C. Attendance
D. Harassment

75. The credit applicant was told, "We have approved your credit application because of your excellent credit rating." Which of the following factors helped the applicant win approval:
A. Capital
B. Conditions
C. Character
D. Capacity

76. Purchasing's ultimate goal and purpose is always to obtain the right goods and services from the right suppliers at the right price. To reach this goal, purchasing specialists must be sure to
A. purchase as much as possible when goods are needed.
B. select the supplier with the lowest bid.
C. get the best price from suppliers, even if it damages relationships.
D. locate backup sources of goods and services.

77. Which of the following is a characteristic of a good goal:
A. Realistic
B. Safe
C. Convenient
D. Conservative

78. One characteristic of letters of inquiry that businesses write to request information from other businesses is that they are
A. social.
B. formal.
C. complex.
D. short.

79. Dara is using Google to locate information about her research report topic. She is using a search
A. machine.
B. engine.
C. technology.
D. group.

80. Ingrid is able to access information from her desktop publishing software, word processing software, and spreadsheet software at the same time on her personal computer. This is an example of an operating system with __________ capabilities.
A. multitasking
B. multiuser
C. multiprocessing
D. multithreading

81. Why is production important to a business?
A. It provides the business with material resources.
B. It converts certain outputs into inputs.
C. It creates goods or services for the business to sell.
D. It manages the finances of the business.

82. Paul is a 45-year-old manager of a large company who makes offensive, gender-related comments to Elizabeth, a 28-year-old buyer, who has been with the company for six months. Paul's behavior violates Elizabeth's workplace rights because he is engaging in
A. cultural supremacy.
B. ethnocentrism.
C. sexual harassment.
D. age discrimination.

83. Which of the following is a communication technique that supports and encourages a speaker:
A. Taking notes
B. Making comments
C. Speed reading
D. Active listening

84. Taking responsibility for your actions involves
A. responding to criticism in a defensive manner.
B. letting others accept the blame for your mistakes.
C. admitting your mistakes.
D. justifying your errors.

85. In general, authority flows from __________ to __________ in a chain of command.
A. employee; manager
B. department; department
C. top; bottom
D. bottom; top

86. Which of the following is an example of an operational business risk:
A. Property damage
B. Natural disasters
C. Human errors
D. Regulatory issues

87. Which type of decision is most likely to have a long-term impact on your life?
A. Routine
B. Limited
C. Extensive
D. Simple

88. Allan frequently uses his work computer to check personal email, go on social media, and play games during work hours—even though his company has a policy against using work computers for personal entertainment. When employees like Allan violate technology agreements, it can lead to
A. increased efficiency.
B. improved morale.
C. decreased procrastination.
D. lost productivity.

89. Valerie is developing a personal budget for the first time. Which of the following is the first step she should take:
A. Know her income
B. Adjust her debt payments
C. Estimate her fixed expenses
D. Set her financial goals

90. A major factor that affects a business's profit but over which the business has little control is the
A. price charged for goods/services.
B. output from workers in the business.
C. economy of the nation.
D. expenses of the business.

91. How can a consumer typically determine the best interest rates for personal savings accounts and personal loans?
A. Evaluate credit union requirements and rates
B. Contact a brokerage firm to get advice
C. Evaluate rates offered by uninsured online banks
D. Evaluate commercial banks' requirements and rates

92. While preparing the company's annual report in a word processing program, Natasha deleted an entire paragraph by mistake. The best way for Natasha to correct the mistake is to
A. use the undo command.
B. create a template.
C. copy the text from another document.
D. retype the paragraph.

93. Madeline understands the importance of putting others first when it comes to building trust. Which of the following is she most likely to do:
A. Communicate often and openly
B. Apologize for her mistakes
C. Keep confidential information private
D. Prioritize the needs of others

94. A business's cashiers and sales personnel should be trained to protect the business from dishonest customers who attempt to carry out
A. embezzlement.
B. payroll fraud.
C. internal theft.
D. point-of-sale fraud.

95. Businesspeople who respect the unique customs and habits of their foreign customers are exhibiting
A. communication skills.
B. language differences.
C. cultural sensitivity.
D. stereotypical behavior.

96. Although the Calvert Automobile Company produces 1,500 Model ZX sports cars annually, over 500,000 people want to purchase the car each year. The 1,500 individuals who are willing and able to pay the high price to obtain the cars have
A. unit control.
B. market position.
C. buying power.
D. absolute advantage.

97. What is the first step Cameron should take to protect himself from identity theft after he loses his wallet?
A. Cancel all of his credit and debit cards
B. Contact the appropriate government agency to replace the credit cards
C. Advise the proper law enforcement authorities about the loss
D. Change the passwords for his online banking accounts

98. While putting away her things in the employee break room, Beth laid her jacket over an electric space heater in use in the room. What kind of safety risk did Beth create?
A. Electrical short
B. Housekeeping
C. Fire
D. Shock

99. Active listening includes more than paying close attention to a speaker. It also involves asking questions, paraphrasing or summarizing main ideas, and participating in __________ that show the speaker that you are actively engaged in what they are saying.
A. nonverbal cues
B. polite conversation
C. optimism
D. appropriate attire

100. When preparing for a job interview, if in doubt about what to wear, it is best to dress
A. professionally.
B. colorfully.
C. flashily.
D. casually.
/////
1. B
Mortgage. Personal liabilities are any debts that an individual owes. A mortgage is a loan used to purchase real
estate. A person who takes out a mortgage owes a certain amount to the lender that must be paid back over time.
Therefore, a mortgage is a personal liability. A vacation home, mutual funds, and treasury bills are all examples of
personal assets, which are anything of value that a person owns that can be converted into cash.
SOURCE: FI:562 Determine personal net worth
SOURCE: Folger, J. (2023, April 29). How to calculate your tangible net worth. Retrieved October 3, 2023, from
https://www.investopedia.com/articles/pf/13/calculating-your-tangible-net-worth.asp
2. C
To reduce the risk of widespread illness. The purpose of health regulations is to protect the population from
widespread illnesses. Depending on the industry or business type, most localities require businesses to follow
certain rules to reduce the risk of illness. For example, various levels of government are likely to require that
restaurants handle, store, and cook foods in certain ways to prevent illnesses such as e coli. Safety regulations
intend to reduce the risk of accidents. The purpose of environmental regulations is to protect the natural
environment from such issues as air pollution and waste management. Following health ordinances does not lower
a community's need for medical care facilities.
SOURCE: OP:004 Describe health and safety regulations in business
SOURCE: Bhayani, T. (2023, April 25). The importance of staying up-to-date on local laws with your digital
employee handbook. Retrieved October 3, 2023, from https://blog.airmason.com/the-importance-ofstaying-up-to-date-on-local-laws-with-your-digital-employee-handbook
3. D
Inflation. The concept of the time value of money is based on the belief that inflation will always rise—the price of
goods will increase over time. The time value of money concept is not based on the belief that interest will always
rise, although the concept encourages people to grow their funds through the advantage of interest. The time value
of money deals with a specific currency and does not consider exchange rates for other currencies. Disposable
income refers to earned income left after taxes owed are paid and has no impact on the future value of a dollar.
SOURCE: FI:062 Explain the time value of money
SOURCE: Fernando, J. (2023, March 28). Time value of money explained with formula and examples. Retrieved
October 2, 2023, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/t/timevalueofmoney.asp
4. B
What you are doing right now. A mission statement deals with what you are doing right now and how it is helping
you achieve your personal vision. A mission statement does not reflect what you have done in the past or what you
wish you had done in the past. While a mission statement does address the future, its primary focus is the present.
SOURCE: EI:063 Determine personal vision
SOURCE: LAP-EI-063—Picture This! (Determining Personal Vision)
5. D
Slow/Methodical. These customers require a lot of time to make buying decisions because of shyness or
indecisiveness. These customers tend to be silent, or they don't clearly convey their needs or wants.
Domineering/Superior customers are overly confident customers who feel they know more and are better than the
average person. Suspicious customers question everything and usually want proof before being convinced that
something is true. Dishonest customers intentionally attempt to avoid paying part or all of the price for a good or
service.
SOURCE: CR:009 Handle difficult customers
SOURCE: LAP-CR-009—Making Mad Glad (Handling Difficult Customers)

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1296

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

2

6. B
Positive. Feedback is evaluative information about you, your behavior, or the results of your behavior. It can be
positive or negative in nature. Positive feedback involves praise (compliments, commendations, etc.) and tends to
reinforce the behavior that it recognizes. Internal feedback comes from within yourself. Critical or negative feedback
tends to make people want to change their behavior.
SOURCE: EI:003 Explain the use of feedback for personal growth
SOURCE: LAP-EI-903—Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
7. C
Aggressive. Aggressive behavior is conduct based on a willingness to ignore the rights of others and to take
advantage of them to achieve personal goals. Aggressive behavior is sometimes called attack behavior. One form
of attack behavior is called "in-your-face" behavior, and it involves an individual standing too close to another
person when talking with them. Passive behavior is conduct in which people fail to exercise their rights and to
respect their own needs. Assertive behavior is conduct based on respect for your own rights and for the rights of
others. Subversive behavior is intended to undermine or overthrow some form of government.
SOURCE: EI:008 Use appropriate assertiveness
SOURCE: LAP-EI-008—Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
8. D
Combining animation and sound. Presentation software programs give the user the capability of presenting
information by combining graphics, text, animation, photographs, and sound. Presentation software can be used to
create slide programs, overhead transparencies, multimedia presentations, etc. This software enables users to
develop visual presentations that are lively, colorful, and appealing to viewers. Presentation software programs are
typically not used to connect several computers, copy and print documents, or calculate mathematical data.
SOURCE: NF:008 Demonstrate basic presentation applications
SOURCE: Awati, R. (2023, May). Presentation software. Retrieved October 3, 2023, from
https://www.techtarget.com/whatis/definition/presentation-software-presentation-graphics
9. B
Extensive. There are different types of decisions. You can make routine decisions—the ones you hardly have to
think about, such as whether you should wear a clean T-shirt. You can make limited decisions—the ones that
require a little time to look at each alternative, such as whether you should sign up for the drama club or flag
football. And, you can make extensive decisions—the ones that demand a lot of careful consideration, such as
what career you would like to begin to prepare for. Kayla's decision to major in biology was probably the result of
lots of research, discussion, and planning—in other words, it was probably an extensive decision.
SOURCE: PD:017 Make decisions
SOURCE: LAP-PD-017—Weigh Your Options (Decision-Making)
10. B
Each other. An intranet is an internal network of computers within an organization that allows employees to access
and share information. Intranet systems benefit businesses because employees can view, transmit, and share
information across departments, divisions, or branches. For example, an intranet may allow sales staff, purchasing
staff, and warehouse staff to view the inventory status of the business's products simultaneously. This is important
because each department works with the business's products in different ways. The intranet system allows each
department to monitor the business's inventory levels to perform the work. The intranet provides employees access
to the same information at any given time, and helps the business run efficiently. Intranet systems often contain
confidential information and are not shared with competitors, customers, and former employees.
SOURCE: NF:083 Explain the role of information systems
SOURCE: Picincu, A. (n.d.). The advantages of implementing a corporate intranet. Retrieved October 3, 2023, from
https://work.chron.com/advantages-implementing-corporate-intranet-3285.html
Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1296

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

3

11. C
Positive attitude. Interest and enthusiasm are part of a positive attitude, which gives you a good outlook on life.
Although you will still encounter frustrations and disappointments, you won't be kept down very long by them. Your
interest in life and your enthusiasm will soon reassert themselves. Business cycles are periods of expansion and
contraction in economic activities. An orderly, systematic environment can be obtained without interest and
enthusiasm. A partnership agreement is a written agreement signed by business partners that specifies the terms
of the partnership.
SOURCE: EI:020 Demonstrate interest and enthusiasm
SOURCE: U.S. Department of Labor. (n.d.). Enthusiasm and attitude. Retrieved October 2, 2023, from
https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/odep/topics/youth/softskills/enthusiasm.pdf
12. B
Dress and act professionally. When employees dress and act in a professional manner, it reflects back on the
company and reinforces an image of professionalism. Professional behavior includes being friendly and helpful to
customers and coworkers. Maintaining accurate timesheets and parking in designated areas are internal concerns
that likely would not be noticed by customers.
SOURCE: CR:002 Determine ways of reinforcing the company's image through employee performance
SOURCE: University of Massachusetts Global. (n.d.). Professionalism in the workplace: A guide for effective
workplace etiquette. Retrieved October 2, 2023, from https://www.umassglobal.edu/news-andevents/blog/professionalism-and-workplace-etiquette
13. D
It can be expensive and time-consuming. Going through the probate process involves paperwork, court
appearances, and legal fees. Avoiding the probate process can prevent the loss of time and money. Probate does
not keep property from being appraised; rather, it includes an appraisal process. Probate does not prevent
beneficiaries from paying taxes, nor does it change the executor of a will. In the case that there is no executor, a
judge will appoint someone.
SOURCE: FI:572 Explain the nature of estate planning
SOURCE: Nolo. (2023). What is probate? Retrieved October 3, 2023, from https://www.nolo.com/legalencyclopedia/probate-faq.html
14. D
Enunciate clearly. Enunciating clearly involves speaking clearly and distinctly, which makes the message easy for
the listener to follow. The message may not be clear if employees mumble or speak rapidly. It is sometimes useful
to have notes when speaking on the phone, but it is not always necessary. Other guidelines to follow are to use
appropriate vocabulary and to avoid using an excessive amount of "filler" words, such as "um" and "uh." Filler
words can be distracting and often indicate that the speaker is unsure about what they are saying.
SOURCE: CO:114 Handle telephone calls in a businesslike manner
SOURCE: Indeed. (2022, June 24). 15 phone skills to use when communicating with customers. Retrieved October
2, 2023, from https://www.indeed.com/career-advice/career-development/phone-skills

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1296

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

4

15. A
Subtract all applicable fees from. The check register is a central location to record and track all of the checks that
you write and the amount of money you spend in your checking account. Each month, you receive a bank
statement that details your checking account activity. You should reconcile your check register with your bank
statement to ensure that they match. This step is important for many reasons. For example, if you forget to enter
transactions in your check register, you may overdraw your account and be fined for insufficient funds. When
reconciling your check register, you want to make sure that you have subtracted all fees including debit card
transactions and ATM withdrawals. You should add the interest earned if your account is set up to earn interest.
SOURCE: FI:069 Maintain financial records
SOURCE: Mycreditunion.gov. (2023, June 6). Understanding a check and balancing a checkbook. Retrieved
October 2, 2023, from https://mycreditunion.gov/life-events/checking-credit-cards/checking/balancingcheckbook
16. B
Gold. Gold is a nonrenewable resource because the supply is running out and it does not re-form quickly enough to
replenish our supply. In contrast, soil, sunlight, and wind are considered renewable resources because their supply
replenishes at a fast enough rate that they are not in danger of running out.
SOURCE: EC:003 Explain the concept of economic resources
SOURCE: LAP-EC-903—Be Resourceful (Economic Resources)
17. D
An emergency plan. Comprehensive emergency plans contain policies and procedures for many types of situations
that the business might experience. The plan might address issues such as evacuation plans for fire, bomb threats,
and weather-related incidents. The emergency plan might include policies for handling injuries, illnesses, and
robberies. The business needs to ensure that employees know what to do in these situations by providing ongoing
training.
SOURCE: OP:010 Handle and report emergency situations
SOURCE: United States Department of Labor. (n.d.). Evacuation plans and procedures etool. Retrieved October 3,
2023, from https://www.osha.gov/etools/evacuation-plans-procedures
18. A
Circumstances are always changing. To be adaptable, you must first recognize that circumstances are always
changing. When you recognize that change is inevitable, then you can relax and develop a mindset to "expect the
unexpected," which will help you handle changes when they occur. Staying in your comfort zone and being fearful
are barriers to adaptability. Although you can't control the way others react in a situation, you can control the way
you react.
SOURCE: EI:006 Demonstrate adaptability
SOURCE: LAP-EI-006—Go With the Flow (Demonstrating Adaptability)
19. C
Face-to-face. With face-to-face communication, a manager would be able to observe their employees' nonverbal
communication. This is not possible when communicating via phone, email, or office memo.
SOURCE: CO:092 Choose and use appropriate channel for workplace communication
SOURCE: UCPath Center. (n.d.). Why nonverbal communication matters in the workplace. Retrieved October 2,
2023, from https://ucpathjobs.org/working-at-uc/nonverbal-communication-matters-workplace

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1296

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

5

20. A
Priorities impact the way a project is planned. The manager in this example is prioritizing sales revenue. As a
result, this focus impacts their planning of an upcoming marketing campaign. This is not an example of how budget
controls how a project is planning, how increased sales are a benefit of project planning, or how project planning is
not a good use of time.
SOURCE: OP:519 Plan project
SOURCE: LAP-OP-519—Plan On It! (Planning Projects)
21. C
Obtain insurance. Risk is the possibility of loss. There are many ways to reduce the possibility of loss. One way to
reduce the possibility of loss is by transferring the risk, which is done by obtaining insurance. Insurance is a
contractual agreement in which one company (insurer) will pay for specified losses incurred by the other company
(insured) in return for installment payments (premium). Implementing security measures, checking for hazards, and
screening employees are ways to control and prevent certain types of risks.
SOURCE: FI:081 Describe the concept of insurance
SOURCE: Kagan, J. (2023, September 28). Transfer of risk definition and meaning in insurance. Retrieved October
2, 2023, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/t/transferofrisk.asp
22. B
Share the good and bad of your life with others. Sharing your experiences with others helps you to understand
them and to feel understood yourself. Focusing only on your needs, avoiding sharing, and being critical are all
characteristics of people with a negative attitude.
SOURCE: EI:019 Exhibit a positive attitude
SOURCE: LAP-EI-003—Opt for Optimism (Positive Attitude)
23. A
"I told my supervisor I would work on Friday nights, so I will be here Friday." Employees who do what they say they
will do are demonstrating responsible behavior. Making excuses is not acceptable, and employees should assist
each other. Supervisors should be consulted when there are problems with difficult customers. Employees should
be willing to perform extra job duties in addition to their regular duties.
SOURCE: EI:021 Demonstrate responsible behavior
SOURCE: LAP-EI-021—Make the Honor Role (Acting Responsibly)
24. A
Read important documents and do research ahead of time so you're prepared. The most important way to
participate in a staff meeting is by making sure you're prepared. Read any necessary documents and do research if
needed. Personal concerns should not be brought up in staff meetings; instead, bring these up in private meetings
with your manager. Although you may be tempted to respond to emails or check your phone during any slow points
in the meeting, it's important to pay attention. Even if you don't know much about the topic everyone else is
discussing, listen politely. You don't need to share your opinion about everything being discussed. You don't want
to dominate the conversation—give someone else a chance to speak. Quietly listening is appropriate and polite.
SOURCE: CO:063 Participate in a staff meeting
SOURCE: Milano, S. (2022, June 17). Six tips on how to participate in a meeting. Retrieved October 2, 2023,
from https://work.chron.com/six-tips-participate-meeting-2014.html

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1296

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

6

25. D
Worker productivity. Worker productivity is the amount of work a worker can perform in a given period of time. The
break-even point is the level of sales at which sales revenues equal total costs. Worker efficiency is accomplishing
a task with a minimum expenditure of time and effort. Sales potential is the portion of the market that a business
can reasonably hope to achieve.
SOURCE: EC:013 Explain the concept of productivity
SOURCE: LAP-EC-018—Make the Most of It (Productivity)
26. D
Use and handle the equipment with care. A business expects its employees to carefully handle and use the
business's office equipment. Equipment such as printers and computers are expensive investments for the
business and can cost a lot of money to maintain and fix. Therefore, the business expects its employees to be
careful with the equipment to reduce the risk of equipment breakdowns. Business managers, rather than
employees, develop procedures for equipment handling. For example, a business might delegate responsibility to
the office manager to contact service vendors when equipment needs to be fixed or maintained. It is not always
necessary to call service people when equipment is not working correctly, such as a paper jam in a printer, which
can usually be removed carefully by an employee. Employees should receive training to operate basic office
equipment so they do not need to interrupt coworkers to ask them to perform simple tasks that they can easily do
themselves.
SOURCE: PD:020 Analyze employer expectations in the business environment
SOURCE: Southeastern Louisiana University. (2023). Employer expectations. Retrieved October 3, 2023,
from https://www.southeastern.edu/admin/career_srv/student_alumni/find_a_job/employer_expectations/
index.html
27. C
Lending investments. Investors who cannot handle much risk often put their money into lending investments. With
lending investments, you allow someone to borrow your money for a period of time—for a price. Investors who can
handle greater amounts of risk often put their money in ownership investments, which include business
opportunities and collectibles.
SOURCE: FI:077 Explain types of investments
SOURCE: LAP-FI-077—Invest for Success (Types of Investments)
28. B
Self-control. Self-control is the ability to manage your feelings, words, and actions. It can help individuals eliminate
undesirable attitudes from their lives. Aggressiveness is an attitude based on feelings of aggression. Self-esteem is
the way you feel about yourself. Maladjustment is failure to adapt behavior successfully to a particular set of
circumstances.
SOURCE: EI:025 Demonstrate self-control
SOURCE: LAP-EI-014—Control Yourself! (Demonstrating Self-Control)

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1296

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

7

29. D
Competition. In group problem-solving situations, some people may become competitive and try to sway the group
into implementing their ideas even if their ideas are not necessarily better. Caroline's repeated attempts to convince
the group that her ideas are best is an example of competition—a disadvantage to group problem-solving. Greater
output is an example of an advantage of group problem-solving, not a disadvantage. Lack of direction and time
constraints are also potential disadvantages of group problem-solving, but they are not demonstrated in this
example.
SOURCE: CO:067 Participate in problem-solving groups
SOURCE: ITS Education Asia. (2005-2022). Solving problems using a group—advantages and disadvantages.
Retrieved October 2, 2023, from https://www.itseducation.asia/article/solving-problems-using-a-groupadvantages-and-disadvantages
30. A
Daily. The operations function consists mainly of activities that are performed on a daily basis. Operations is the
day-to-day activities that allow a business to keep doing what it needs to do—producing and providing goods and
services for its customers. While some operations activities may be performed weekly, monthly, or yearly, most
operations activities happen daily.
SOURCE: OP:189 Explain the nature of operations
SOURCE: LAP-OP-189—Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations)
31. D
Make sure your instructions are aimed toward a specific goal. The audience will be able to follow directions better if
they are aware of the activity's purpose. You should not use high-level, academic vocabulary because your
listeners may not be familiar with the terms, causing confusion. When giving directions, your tone should be
confident but pleasant, rather than commanding or authoritative, to make sure your audience is comfortable and
receptive. Finally, you should not generalize instructions because in most cases, you do not want your audience
members to have differing interpretations. Rather, you should avoid any vagueness and be as specific as possible.
SOURCE: CO:083 Give verbal directions
SOURCE: Sweet, K. (2020). How to give verbal instructions. Retrieved October 2, 2023,
from https://classroom.synonym.com/the-great-pumpkin-quiz.html
32. A
Dependable. Dependability means you're reliable. In other words, you do what you say you will do. Humility is a
lack of pride. Flexibility is the ability to adapt to changes as they occur. Enthusiasm is intense interest or
excitement.
SOURCE: EI:041 Coach others
SOURCE: LAP-EI-041—Bring Out the Best (Coaching Others)
33. D
Leaders determine the next step for the organization. Leadership is important when things are going well for a
business because leaders determine the next step for the organization. Often, people within an organization are
resistant to change or don't see the need for it. Leaders make the right changes happen. Employees do become
discouraged during times of crisis, but this does not relate to leadership when things are going well for a business.
People look for and need leaders as role models in many different areas of life.
SOURCE: EI:009 Explain the concept of leadership
SOURCE: LAP-EI-909—Lead the Way (Concept of Leadership)

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1296

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

8

34. B
Emergency funds tend to be cash or highly liquid assets. An emergency fund refers to money stashed away to be
used as a financial safety net in a time of financial distress or to meet unexpected expenses. Emergency funds
reduce the need to take out a loan or use credit cards, not increase them. Emergency funds should typically be
sufficient to pay three to six months' worth of expenses, and some experts suggest even up to a year's worth of
expenses. Money in emergency funds should not be used for vacations or entertainment; rather, it should only be
used in the case of financial distress or to meet unexpected expenses. This includes car breakdowns, house
repairs, the loss of a job, or a serious injury, to name a few.
SOURCE: FI:270 Explain the need to save and invest
SOURCE: Kurt, D. (2022, February 9). Emergency fund. Retrieved October 3, 2023, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/e/emergency_fund.asp
35. D
Orientation. Orientation is an onboarding activity, an HR management activity that gets new employees started on
the job. It may involve giving an employee a tour of the facilities and making introductions, giving the employee
information about company procedures and policies, and familiarizing the employee with their new workspace and
equipment. Compliance is an HR management activity that involves making sure the company is following laws and
regulations. Grievances are formal employee complaints made to an HR representative. Exit interviews are
conducted with an employee who is leaving, not one who is new to the job.
SOURCE: HR:410 Discuss the nature of human resources management
SOURCE: LAP-HR-410—People Pusher (Nature of Human Resources Management)
36. D
Importance of the relationship. Identifying who is involved in a conflict, such as a salesperson and a customer,
provides insight about the nature of the relationship and its importance. Identifying who is involved in the conflict
does not necessarily provide insight about personality, disagreement type, or the disagreement's core issue.
SOURCE: EI:015 Use conflict-resolution skills
SOURCE: LAP-EI-915—Stop the Madness (Conflict Resolution)
37. B
Traditional. Members of traditional economies consume everything that they produce, so they are unable to save.
Without any savings, they cannot invest in greater production. As a result, they are unable to raise their economic
standards. Although communist economies are often behind socialist and market economies in terms of economic
development, none of those three types of economies grow as little as traditional systems.
SOURCE: EC:007 Explain the types of economic systems
SOURCE: LAP-EC-907—Who's the Boss? (Economic Systems)
38. A
Identify the items you have compared. When reconciling a bank statement, you use check marks to identify the
items you have compared. Compared items include amounts on the bank statement, check stubs, canceled
checks, deposit slips, and the check register. Check marks are not used to correct missed deposits, void ruined
checks, or total the interest received.
SOURCE: FI:070 Balance a bank account
SOURCE: Bragg, S. (2023, July 29). How to reconcile a bank statement. Retrieved October 2, 2023,
from https://www.accountingtools.com/articles/how-to-reconcile-a-bank-statement.html

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1296

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

9

39. B
Being consistent. Appropriate information management helps a business build a good reputation by being
consistent. When businesses manage information correctly, they are more consistent and credible, two main
ingredients of a good reputation. Appropriate information management will not necessarily eliminate all potential
mistakes. Information management does not necessarily relate to pricing or product selection.
SOURCE: NF:110 Discuss the nature of information management
SOURCE: LAP-NF-110—In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
40. D
Reading the text aloud. By reading the text aloud, Lana will not only see the text, she will hear it. By hearing the
words, Lana can detect missing words and assess the clarity and sequence of the information. Reading text
backwards helps detect misspelled words, punctuation errors, and some grammatical errors, but this activity does
not help the editor clarify that content is logical and meaningful.
SOURCE: CO:089 Edit and revise written work consistent with professional standards
SOURCE: University of North Carolina Writing Center. (2023). Reading aloud. Retrieved October 2, 2023, from
https://writingcenter.unc.edu/tips-and-tools/reading-aloud
41. B
Informal; formal. Informal communication is communication that is less bound to conventions and is more casual,
whereas formal communication is a strategic exchange of information that adheres to conventions. When you are
with your friends, you likely use an informal communication style, but when you are talking to your company's CEO,
you should use more formal communication. External communication is any contact between an employee and
someone outside of the company. Internal communication is communication that occurs inside the workplace.
Internal communication would not occur with friends, and external communication would not occur between you
and your company's CEO. A passive communication style involves keeping feelings hidden and avoiding conflict.
Assertive communication involves sharing opinions and advocating for oneself. Passive and assertive
communication styles do not necessarily change based on whether you are talking to your friends or your CEO.
Finally, you will likely use verbal and nonverbal communication when communicating with both your CEO and your
friends.
SOURCE: CO:084 Employ communication styles appropriate to target audience
SOURCE: Rawes, E.M. (2019, May 8). Types of communication in the workplace. Retrieved October 2, 2023,
from https://bizfluent.com/info-7742528-types-communication-workplace.html
42. B
Being efficient. Being efficient demonstrates the customer service mindset. Specifically, this means knowing how to
operate equipment and software, becoming familiar with all the products the business offers, and keeping
workspaces organized for action. Being accurate is demonstrated through double-checking work for accuracy.
Following through means always doing what you say you're going to do. Following up with customers suggests to
customers that you care about their continued satisfaction.
SOURCE: CR:004 Demonstrate a customer service mindset
SOURCE: LAP-CR-004—Set Your Mind to It (Customer Service Mindset)

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1296

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

10

43. B
Combine different search terms in various ways to find more targeted results. Boolean operators are words such as
“and,” “or,” and “not” that allow you to combine different search terms in various ways to find more targeted results.
Adjacency searching allows you to find terms that are near each other rather than right next to each other. Keyword
searches look for your term anywhere within a page or article. Truncation involves using the stem of a word and
allowing for any variations of that word.
SOURCE: NF:078 Obtain needed information efficiently
SOURCE: University of Leeds Library. (2023). Develop a search strategy. Retrieved October 3, 2023, from
https://library.leeds.ac.uk/info/1404/literature_searching/14/literature_searching_explained/4#activatesearching_with_keywords
44. D
Incorrect size. Customers' complaints about products are the result of defective, damaged, or spoiled products; the
wrong size or color; mispricing; or the failure to meet the customers' needs. Poor service and the use of pressure in
selling cause complaints about the sales staff. Customers seldom complain about reduced prices.
SOURCE: CR:010 Handle customer/client complaints
SOURCE: LAP-CR-010—Righting Wrongs (Handling Customer Complaints)
45. B
Potential problems. Objectivity involves evaluating something without bias. To evaluate without bias, you should
look at the situation from different points of view and evaluate the positives and negatives of the ideas presented.
Developing a pros-and-cons list can help you identify possible benefits and problems associated with an idea.
Conducting research (e.g., market research, competitive analysis) and obtaining facts to support an idea may or
may not be necessary.
SOURCE: CO:061 Defend ideas objectively
SOURCE: Anderson, B. (2018-2023). Great leaders stay objective. Retrieved October 2, 2023,
from https://www.sigmaassessmentsystems.com/objectivity
46. C
Grapevine. Grapevine is an oral communication method in which information is passed around the company but not
formally announced or verified. Coworkers frequently discuss company issues and pass on information from one
department to another through the grapevine. Employees often obtain information and communicate it to others
through the grapevine before management makes an official announcement. Feedback is evaluative information
given by supervisors to employees. Network is a system of contacts within and outside the organization. Structured
is formal communication.
SOURCE: CO:014 Explain the nature of staff communication
SOURCE: Harappa. (2020, July 21). Grapevine communication in various business scenarios. Retrieved October
2, 2023, from https://harappa.education/harappa-diaries/what-is-grapevine-communication
47. A
Understand the business's policies. Salespeople must have a clear understanding of the business's policies to
explain them to customers and to answer questions. Management is responsible for setting policies. Salespeople
are expected to interpret and to implement policies, and they do not need permission to do so. The salesperson
must follow the business's policy even if they disagree with it.
SOURCE: CR:007 Interpret business policies to customers/clients
SOURCE: Frost, A. (2023, September 25). 26 habits of incredibly successful salespeople. Retrieved October 2,
2023, from https://blog.hubspot.com/sales/habits-to-become-a-more-effective-salesperson

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1296

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

11

48. B
Race. Some people identify as a specific race or a combination of races. Religion, education, and personality are
not differences that are illustrated in this example.
SOURCE: EI:036 Treat others with dignity and respect
SOURCE: LAP-EI-036—Everyone's Worthy (Treating Others With Dignity and Respect)
49. D
Muriel ignores her roommate's text message. Receivers often make mistakes when communicating that can
prevent the effective transmission of messages. Effective communication requires a two-way connection to work,
and receivers create barriers to communication when they don't practice active listening, forget to complete the
requested follow-up actions, and fail to respond to a written message. By ignoring her roommate's text message,
Muriel is creating a barrier to communication. Caleb using “um” and “like” in his conversations and Keisha texting
her supervisor using slang are examples of senders creating barriers to communication. Courtland taking notes
during a meeting is an example of effective communication.
SOURCE: EI:007 Explain the nature of effective communications
SOURCE: LAP-EI-140—More Than Just Talk (Effective Communication)
50. C
Consistent. Consistent financial information results from the application of similar or identical accounting methods
and systems over time within an organization. The Normandy Company has applied very similar accounting
methods over its 20 years of operation. Therefore, the company's financial information is likely to be consistent.
However, consistent information is not necessarily comparable, reliable, or conservative. There is no way of
knowing if the company's accounting methods are similar to those of other businesses in the industry, so the
accounting information may not be comparable. Reliable information is accurate and unbiased. The Normandy
Company, though, could easily have inaccurate financial information, even though it is consistent. Conservative
financial information does not overstate assets and sales or understate liabilities and expenses. There is no
indication that the Normandy Company's information is conservative.
SOURCE: FI:579 Describe the need for financial information
SOURCE: LAP-FI-579—By the Numbers (The Need for Financial Information)
51. C
Paper forms. Technological innovation is greatly reducing the need for paper forms because much of the
information that previously was stored and transmitted on paper is now being sent by computer. Businesses often
send emails rather than letters or printed documents. Various types of databases store vast amounts of data that
once were housed in file cabinets. Computerized invoices enable businesses to send bills and receive payment
without the need for printed forms. As technology continues to advance, the need for paper forms will continue to
decrease. Technological innovation has increased the use of skilled workers. Technological innovation has not
decreased the use of phone systems for all businesses and has increased the use of electronic mail (email) for
most businesses.
SOURCE: NF:003 Identify ways that technology impacts business
SOURCE: LAP-NF-003—TECH-tastic (Technology's Impact on Business)

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1296

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

12

52. C
A reinforcement of how Zola's experience can help the company reach its goals. Thank-you notes and follow-up
letters after interviews are good opportunities to clarify or reinforce information with the potential employer.
Discussing salary and vacation packages in the follow-up letter is not appropriate; these conversations will likely
take place during the interview or after an offer has been made. Including a copy of her resume with the follow-up
letter would be redundant, as the interviewer should already have a copy of Zola's resume from her job application
or interview.
SOURCE: PD:029 Write a follow-up letter after job interviews
SOURCE: Harwood, L., Owens, L.M.D., & Kadakia, C. (2017). Your career: How to make it happen (9th ed.)
[Lesson 12-1b]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
53. A
Supply chain. A supply chain is a complete network of producers, distributors, and retailers that work together to
get a product into the hands of consumers. In this example, the apple journeyed from farmer, to distributor, to
retailer, to consumer. This is an example of a supply chain in action—not deflation, manufacturing, or marketing.
Deflation is a steady decline in the general price levels of consumer goods and services over a period of time.
Manufacturing is the process of changing raw materials so that they will be useful to consumers. Marketing is an
organizational function and a set of processes for creating, communicating, and delivering value to customers.
SOURCE: OP:443 Explain the concept of supply chain
SOURCE: Hayes, A. (2023, March 28). The supply chain: From raw materials to order fulfillment. Retrieved
October 3, 2023, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/s/supplychain.asp
54. B
Point-of-sale. There are many point-of-sale software applications that enable businesses to perform a variety of
functions beyond the point of sale. Some of these functions include placing orders, controlling inventory, placing
special orders, etc. SMS is an abbreviation for short messaging service and is used to send text messages on a
variety of cell phones. Java is a computer-programming language. URL or uniform resource locator is the website's
address.
SOURCE: NF:088 Use an integrated business software application package
SOURCE: McDermott, K. (2023, September 25). What is a POS system? An in-depth exploration. Retrieved
October 3, 2023, from https://www.softwareadvice.com/resources/what-is-a-point-of-sale-system
55. B
Conducting research about the company prior to the interview. From the research, Shawn can write a few
questions that directly relate to the company or its industry. Even though additional questions may come up during
the interview, it is always best to be prepared with relevant questions based on research. It is important that Shawn
confirms that the questions are relevant by researching them himself instead of taking his friends' (or anyone else's)
advice. Questions about the interviewer's personal life are not relevant to the job interview.
SOURCE: CO:058 Ask relevant questions
SOURCE: Zhang, L. (2020, June 19). The ultimate guide to researching a company pre-interview. Retrieved
October 2, 2023, from https://www.themuse.com/advice/the-ultimate-guide-to-researching-a-companypreinterview

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1296

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

13

56. A
John reads the email message on Suzanne's computer screen while she is away from her desk. Successful
employees realize the importance of respecting others' privacy in the workplace. When employees respect others'
privacy, they are likely to gain the trust and respect of coworkers and managers. Reading a coworker's email
without permission is rude and an invasion of privacy. Leaving the room when another person receives a personal
telephone call, knocking on the door before entering the room, and asking to borrow an item before taking it are
actions that are respectful of others' privacy.
SOURCE: EI:029 Respect the privacy of others
SOURCE: McQuerrey, L. (2018, June 29). How to show respect for colleagues. Retrieved October 2, 2023, from
https://work.chron.com/show-respect-colleagues-19096.html
57. A
$28,550. The accrual method of accounting records transactions at the time they occur even if no money changes
hands at that time. This method is used by many businesses, especially those that extend credit. Since credit
purchases are never paid for at the time of purchase, the accrual method keeps the business up to date on the
amount of sales rather than on the amount of cash received. If a business has cash sales of $12,650 and credit
sales of $15,900 in one week, accounting records would show $28,550 in sales for that week even though the
money for the credit sales had not yet been received ($12,650 + $15,900 = $28,550). Monthly sales do not include
cash-on-hand.
SOURCE: FI:085 Explain the concept of accounting
SOURCE: LAP-FI-085—Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
58. A
Possession. Possession utility is usefulness created when ownership of a product is transferred from the seller to
the buyer. Place utility is created by making sure that goods and services are available at the place where they are
needed or wanted by customers. Form utility is usefulness created by altering or changing the form or shape of a
good to make it more useful to customers. Time utility is usefulness created when products are available at the time
they are needed or wanted by customers.
SOURCE: EC:004 Determine economic utilities created by business activities
SOURCE: LAP-EC-904—Use It (Economic Utility)
59. B
Obtain a degree in fashion merchandising. A job is a temporary means to an end that allows you to receive wages
and gain experience. On the other hand, a career is a lifelong journey that builds on your skills and experiences,
bringing you achievement and satisfaction. A job can be a step on the path to a career. One way that Sammie can
advance her job into a career is obtaining a college degree in fashion merchandising, which will allow her to grow
and be promoted within the field. Receiving a pay raise is a step in the right direction, but it does not necessarily
turn a job into a career. Getting a new job with a different retailer is also not necessarily related to advancing a
career. Finally, working more hours is not in and of itself a way to turn a job into a career.
SOURCE: PD:034 Explain possible advancement patterns for jobs
SOURCE: Lawrence, G. (2018, December 28). The difference between a job, occupation, & career. Retrieved
October 3, 2023, from https://careertrend.com/info-8226168-difference-between-job-occupationcareer.html

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1296

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

14

60. B
The recipient's name. When you see the phrase "Pay to the order of," ask yourself, "To whom do I make this check
out?" and fill in the answer. The payment amount in numeric form, the payment amount in word form, and your
signature are all components of a signed check, but they go in different places on the check.
SOURCE: FI:560 Write checks
SOURCE: Pritchard, J. (2023, March 27). How to write a check: A step-by-step guide. Retrieved October 3, 2023,
from https://www.thebalancemoney.com/how-to-write-a-check-4019395
61. C
A new employee suggests changing an established procedure. Conflicts in business sometimes occur when new
employees recommend changing the way that long-time employees have been operating. The long-time employees
may resent a new person, who has little experience with the company, making suggestions that imply that the
employees are not performing as well as they could. The long-time employees may feel threatened and put up
barriers to prevent the new employee from succeeding. In this situation, the new employee and the long-time
employees need to discuss the problem and find an acceptable solution. Managers often ask experienced
employees to be mentors to new hires. An employee who agrees to work overtime is not creating a problem. An
employee's evaluation is confidential and would not create problems with other employees.
SOURCE: PD:077 Demonstrate problem-solving skills
SOURCE: LAP-PD-077—No Problem (Demonstrating Problem-Solving Skills)
62. B
Aptitudes. An aptitude is a natural talent for learning a specific skill. Leyla has an aptitude for working with numbers.
Values are principles to live by. Concepts are ideas. Interests are things we are curious about, concerned for, or
involved with.
SOURCE: PD:013 Assess personal interests and skills needed for success in business
SOURCE: Indeed. (2022, December 13). What is aptitude? Definition and common tests. Retrieved October 4,
2023, from https://www.indeed.com/career-advice/career-development/what-is-aptitude
63. A
Short-term goal; long-term goal. Goals can be short-term or long-term. Short-term goals take less than a year to
achieve, whereas long-term goals take a year or more. Going one day without eating desserts is a short-term goal,
whereas improving your health overall could take more than a year and is therefore a long-term goal. Both of these
goals could be commitments or obligations.
SOURCE: EI:077 Manage commitments in a timely manner
SOURCE: LAP-EI-077—Commit to It! (Managing Commitments in a Timely Manner)
64. D
Bar graph. The graph that Nia created is a bar graph. Bar graphs are used to compare absolute values or
proportions between different groups or categories, and they represent the data using a series of bars across two
axes. Because Nia wants to compare the total number, or absolute value, of employees that chose each topping, a
bar graph is the best option for her. A pie chart, a circular graph that displays percentages of a whole as if they
were slices of a pie, is best to use when trying to compare parts of a whole. Unlike bar graphs, pie charts can't be
used to explicitly show absolute number values for each group. A line graph is similar to a bar graph in that it also
shows data across two axes. However, line graphs are typically used to track changes over short and long periods
of time. There is not a time element in this scenario. A table displays information in rows and columns, not across
two axes.
SOURCE: CO:087 Select and use appropriate graphic aids
SOURCE: Johnson, L. (2018, April 23). Difference between a bar graph & pie chart. Retrieved October 2, 2023,
from https://sciencing.com/difference-bar-graph-pie-chart-5832998.html
Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1296

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

15

65. C
Your Confirmation Number. The subject line of an email message should advise the recipient about the nature of
the message content. Email users often receive several messages a day. If the message subject line does not
catch the reader's attention or does not relate to specific needs, the recipient might not read the message. Email
subject lines should be short, informative, specific and, if appropriate, catchy. The option, "www.infotrack.com" is a
website address. "Dear Tracy" is a salutation and is used to greet or address the recipient of the letter.
"Letter123.docx" is a computer file from a word processing program.
SOURCE: NF:004 Demonstrate basic e-mail functions
SOURCE: Intuit Mailchimp. (2001-2023). Best practices for email subject lines. Retrieved October 3, 2023, from
https://mailchimp.com/help/best-practices-for-email-subject-lines
66. D
Compare your project work to preset standards. When planning your project, you likely developed quality standards
to measure whether your project is reaching high levels of excellence. You can monitor project quality by
comparing work to these quality standards. Examining the budget, ensuring team members are on task, and paying
attention to potential issues are not ways to monitor project quality.
SOURCE: OP:520 Monitor projects and take corrective actions
SOURCE: LAP-OP-520—Check Your (Project) Pulse (Monitoring Projects and Taking Corrective Actions)
67. B
Ethical; integrity. Knowing your values also helps you make ethical decisions and act with integrity. Since your
values are what matter most to you, they can help you uphold your principles in difficult situations. You will be less
tempted to act unethically if you have a strong sense of what is important to you. Using your values as a guide does
not necessarily help you make educated, controversial, or informed decisions, nor does it help you act with goals in
mind, discretion, or disrespect.
SOURCE: EI:126 Assess personal behavior and values
SOURCE: LAP-EI-126—Assess Yourself (Assessing Your Personal Behavior and Values)
68. A
Corporation. Corporations can be complex to form, but they provide protection for their owners because each
owner's liability is limited to the amount of their investment. A partnership is a business owned by two or more
people. A sole proprietorship is a type of business ownership in which only one person owns and manages the
business. A licensing arrangement is a business structure that requires the authorization or permission from an
owner to another entity to use trademarked, copyrighted (e.g., logo, name), or patented material for a specific
activity, during a specific time period, for the profit of both parties.
SOURCE: BL:003 Explain types of business ownership
SOURCE: LAP-BL-003—Own It Your Way (Types of Business Ownership)
69. C
Acquisition of funds. Decisions about financing refer to the acquisition of funds. There are many different ways a
business can obtain financing, and there are advantages and disadvantages to each method. Financial managers
must decide which method or methods will be most beneficial for the company. Accounts receivable refers to the
money owed to the business by others. Administration of assets refers to decisions about investments. Acquisition
of funds does not necessarily involve the accounting department.
SOURCE: FI:354 Explain the role of finance in business
SOURCE: LAP-FI-354—Money Matters (Role of Finance)

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1296

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

16

70. D
Leaders have to get along with a wide variety of people. Emotional intelligence and leadership overlap when it
comes to proactive behavior, perseverance, positive working relationships, and confidence. To engage in positive
working relationships, leaders have to get along with a wide variety of people, sometimes encouraging others and
sometimes inspiring them. With proactive behavior, leaders are expected to take action before problems develop.
With perseverance, leaders learn to outlast disappointment and fatigue. Learning to outlast business fads and
trends is not a part of emotional intelligence, nor is it necessarily a part of leadership. Regarding confidence,
leaders need to be confident that what they are doing and saying is right—not (merely) acceptable.
SOURCE: EI:001 Describe the nature of emotional intelligence
SOURCE: LAP-EI-001—EQ and You (Emotional Intelligence)
71. A
Product/Service management. Product/Service management is the marketing function that focuses on obtaining,
developing, maintaining, and improving a product mix in response to market opportunities. The promotion function
focuses on informing existing and potential customers about the business's goods and services. Place is the
element of the marketing mix that focuses on getting selected product in the right place at the right time. Marketinginformation management is the marketing function that focuses on gathering, accessing, synthesizing, evaluating,
and disseminating the information that a business needs to make business decisions.
SOURCE: MK:002 Describe marketing functions and related activities
SOURCE: LAP-MK-002—Work the Big Seven (Marketing Functions)
72. D
To improve their performance. Each individual has personal strengths and weaknesses. Assessing strengths will
allow an individual to build on those strengths. It is also important to assess weaknesses because those are areas
that need improvement. For example, an individual might find that it will be necessary to improve their computer
skills to improve performance and be considered for a promotion. It may be difficult to improve performance if
individuals have not identified their personal strengths and weaknesses. Assessing personal strengths and
weaknesses will not necessarily help individuals respond appropriately in a crisis, negotiate contracts, or get the
most bang for their buck.
SOURCE: EI:002 Assess personal strengths and weaknesses
SOURCE: LAP-EI-902—Assess for Success (Assessing Personal Strengths and Weaknesses)
73. D
Ask questions. Before employees can follow directions, they must understand them. Therefore, asking questions is
important because supervisors do not always give directions in a clear and concise manner. If employees are not
sure of what is expected, they should ask. Taking the time to completely understand the directions will help
employees do the work correctly and efficiently. Reviewing notes may not be helpful if employees have written
down incorrect directions. Employees are not expected to do the research; researching is the responsibility of
supervisors. Before employees can practice tasks, they need accurate directions.
SOURCE: CO:119 Follow oral directions
SOURCE: Chan, G. (2021, February 1). Why asking questions is good for your brand and your career. Retrieved
October 2, 2023, from https://www.forbes.com/sites/goldiechan/2021/02/01/why-asking-questions-isgood-for-your-brand-and-your-career

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1296

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

17

74. C
Attendance. To provide a fair and consistent work environment, businesses develop rules of conduct. The rules of
conduct outline a company's policies, procedures, and expectations regarding employees' behavior in the
workplace. Businesses expect their employees to arrive at work on time and leave work at a designated time.
Employees who continuously arrive late not only violate their employers' attendance rules, but cost the companies
money for time that the employees are not working. Appearance refers to appropriate dress and hygiene in the
workplace. Harassment issues involve saying or doing inappropriate things. Safety violations involve actions that
pose harm to employees, coworkers, customers, or visitors.
SOURCE: PD:251 Follow rules of conduct
SOURCE: Sherman, F. (2018, March 28). Code of conduct in a workplace. Retrieved October 4, 2023, from
https://work.chron.com/code-conduct-workplace-6237.html
75. C
Character. Character refers to the reputation of the borrower in paying past debts. In this situation, the credit
applicant had a known history of prompt repayment, which made the individual a good candidate for additional
credit. Capital is the money a business has available. Capacity is the basic ability to earn income and to pay.
Conditions are the economic circumstances involved, which aren't mentioned here.
SOURCE: FI:002 Explain the purposes and importance of credit
SOURCE: Segal, T. (2023, March 17). Five Cs of credit: What they are, how they're used, and which is most
important. Retrieved October 2, 2023, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/f/five-c-credit.asp
76. D
Locate backup sources of goods and services. It's important for purchasing specialists to be sure they can get the
goods and services they need when they need them. It's good to have backup sources because if a purchasing
specialist doesn't do their job correctly or get the items or services that the business needs, then the business
cannot produce its finished good or service. That could lead the business to lose money or maybe even close. A
purchasing specialist doesn't necessarily want to purchase as much as they possibly can; instead, they should
purchase in amounts that make sense economically. Getting a good price is important, but a purchasing specialist
does not want to do so at the expense of their relationship with the supplier. Although some companies require
purchasing specialists to always choose the lowest bidder, buyers are often permitted to select the bidder with the
best overall terms, including quality and quantity, even if that supplier's price isn't the lowest.
SOURCE: OP:015 Explain the nature and scope of purchasing
SOURCE: LAP-OP-015—Buy Right (Purchasing)
77. A
Realistic. One of the characteristics of a good goal is that it should be realistic and attainable. Your goals must be
appropriate to you and your abilities. You must set goals that you are capable of reaching. These goals do not
necessarily have to be conservative, convenient, or safe.
SOURCE: PD:018 Set personal goals
SOURCE: LAP-PD-918—Go for the Goal (Goal Setting)

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1296

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

18

78. D
Short. A characteristic of letters of inquiry is that they are usually short. Businesses often write letters of inquiry to
other businesses to request information and literature or to order goods or services. These types of letters are
routine and should contain only the information the receiver needs to respond. Letters of inquiry requesting
information usually are not complex. Social business letters do not request information but often are used to
express thanks or congratulations. Letters of inquiry that businesses write to request information from other
businesses usually are informal rather than formal.
SOURCE: CO:040 Write inquiries
SOURCE: WriteExpress. (1996-2023). How to write an inquiry letter. Retrieved October 2, 2023,
from https://www.writeexpress.com/How-to-write-an-inquiry-letter.html
79. B
Engine. Search engines (such as Google, Yahoo, or Bing) find web pages that correspond to the phrases, key
words, or topics you enter. If Dara searches for her research report topic, she will receive results that correspond to
that topic. Search engines are not referred to as machines, technologies, or groups.
SOURCE: NF:006 Demonstrate basic web-search skills
SOURCE: Kimmons, J. (2020, September 29). What is a search engine? Retrieved October 3, 2023, from
https://www.liveabout.com/search-engine-2867354
80. A
Multitasking. The computer's operating system consists of the components needed to run all of the computer
applications and programs. When the operating system allows the user to open and use more than one software
program at a time, it has multitasking abilities. An operating system that allows more than one user to access a
particular program at one time has multiuser capabilities. An operating system that allows several central
processing units (computers) to access a single program has multiprocessing capabilities. Multithreading
capabilities allow different components of one computer program to run at the same time.
SOURCE: NF:085 Use basic operating systems
SOURCE: Beal, V. (2022, April 14). Operating system. Retrieved October 3, 2023, from
https://www.webopedia.com/definitions/operating-system
81. C
It creates goods or services for the business to sell. Without products to sell, businesses cannot continue to exist.
Production is the process or activity of producing goods or services wanted by consumers. Production combines
inputs to produce outputs. In other words, production combines the material and human resources obtained by the
business to make products. Finance is not a function of production.
SOURCE: OP:017 Explain the concept of production
SOURCE: LAP-OP-017—Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
82. C
Sexual harassment. Sexual harassment is any unwelcomed sexual remarks, advances, conduct, or requests.
Employees have certain rights in the workplace, including the right to not be sexually harassed by other employees
and managers. The example is not age discrimination, cultural supremacy, or ethnocentrism.
SOURCE: PD:021 Explain the rights of workers
SOURCE: MSBA. (2018, March 12). Employees' rights in the workplace. Retrieved October 3, 2023, from
https://www.msba.org/employees-rights-in-the-workplace

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1296

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

19

83. D
Active listening. Listening is a communication technique that involves processing and understanding a verbal
message. When people actively listen for understanding, they support and encourage a speaker who is attempting
to deliver a message. Active listening involves paying attention to respond to the speaker. Taking notes and speed
reading are not communication techniques. Making comments might encourage a speaker if the comments are
appropriate. However, some comments may discourage a speaker.
SOURCE: CO:082 Explain communication techniques that support and encourage a speaker
SOURCE: SkillsYouNeed.com. (2011-2023). Active listening. Retrieved October 2, 2023,
from https://www.skillsyouneed.com/ips/active-listening.html
84. C
Admitting your mistakes. Taking responsibility for your actions often involves admitting that you made a mistake
and that you are willing to accept the consequences of your actions. Although it is difficult to admit your mistakes,
taking responsibility for them indicates that you are an honest person, which is a trait that employers value. Letting
others accept blame for your mistakes, justifying your errors, and responding to criticism in a defensive manner are
not ways in which you take responsibility for your actions.
SOURCE: EI:075 Take responsibility for decisions and actions
SOURCE: LAP-EI-075—It's Up to You (Taking Responsibility for Decisions and Actions)
85. C
Top; bottom. In general, authority flows from top to bottom within a chain of command. This means that each
person within the hierarchy reports to the person directly above them. Authority does not flow from bottom to top,
department to department, or from employee to manager within a chain of command.
SOURCE: PD:252 Follow chain of command
SOURCE: LAP-PD-252—Don't Cheat the Chain (Following Chain of Command)
86. C
Human errors. Operational risks are the possible events and situations that can result from employee actions, core
processes, and daily business activities. Examples of operational risks include human errors, production problems,
leadership problems, labor relations, and insufficient information management. Natural disasters and property
damage are examples of hazard risks. Hazard risks are potential events or situations that can cause injury or harm
to people, property, or the environment. Regulatory issues fall under the category of strategic risks. Strategic risks
are much broader than the other types of risk and generally concern the overall business environment.
SOURCE: EC:011 Determine factors affecting business risk
SOURCE: LAP-EC-003—Lose, Win, or Draw (Business Risk)
87. C
Extensive. An extensive decision is a big decision that affects many areas of your life and can have a long-term
impact. Limited, routine, and simple decisions are not as likely to have long-term impacts.
SOURCE: EI:091 Assess risks of personal decisions
SOURCE: LAP-EI-091—Worth the Risk (Assessing Risks of Personal Decisions)

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1296

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

20

88. D
Lost productivity. When employees use business equipment for personal reasons, they are usually less productive
and more likely to fall behind in their work. Violating technology agreements by using company devices for personal
purposes does not necessarily lead to improved morale—and it usually leads to decreased efficiency and increased
procrastination.
SOURCE: OP:442 Comply with policies and procedures for use of property and equipment
SOURCE: Nelson, N. (2020, February 1). Policies for employee personal use of business equipment. Retrieved
October 3, 2023, from https://www.wolterskluwer.com/en/expert-insights/policies-for-employee-personaluse-of-business-equipment
89. D
Set her financial goals. Valerie should first figure out what amount she would like to have at her disposal in the
short term, say next year, and then in the long term, or about five years from now. Then, she should look at her
income, expenses, and debt payments to figure out where she can afford to decrease her spending in order to
reach her financial goals.
SOURCE: FI:066 Develop personal budget
SOURCE: Oregon.gov. (n.d.). Creating a personal budget. Retrieved October 2, 2023, from
https://dfr.oregon.gov/financial/manage/pages/budget.aspx
90. C
Economy of the nation. Businesses have no control over the economy of the nation and, thus, no control over the
amount of money that consumers have to spend. Business expenses can be controlled through such measures as
seeking vendors with lower prices or eliminating services. Prices can be raised and/or lowered, depending upon the
needs of the business. Worker output can be increased by rewarding attendance and superior performance.
SOURCE: EC:010 Identify factors affecting a business's profit
SOURCE: LAP-EC-910—Risk Rewarded (Factors Affecting Profit)
91. A
Evaluate credit union requirements and rates. Credit unions typically provide the highest interest rates on savings
accounts and the lowest interest rates on loans. Commercial banks typically do not offer consumers the beneficial
interest rates that credit unions can provide. Uninsured online banks sometimes offer better rates, but they also
carry more risk. Brokerage firms buy and sell different types of securities and do not typically provide information
about interest rates offered by banking institutions.
SOURCE: FI:075 Describe types of financial-services providers
SOURCE: Veling, J. (2022, December 1). Credit union loans offer low rates and flexible terms. Retrieved October
2, 2023, from https://www.nerdwallet.com/article/loans/personal-loans/credit-union-loans-personal-oftencheaper
92. A
Use the undo command. The undo command allows the computer user to "undo" a previous action, such as
deleting text by mistake. Although it is possible to retype the paragraph or to copy the text from another document
that contains the text, these actions are not as quick and easy as using the undo command. A template is a
standard format that helps users develop documents.
SOURCE: NF:007 Demonstrate basic word processing skills
SOURCE: Microsoft. (2023). Undo, redo, or repeat an action. Retrieved October 3, 2023, from
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/office/undo-redo-or-repeat-an-action-84bdb9bc-4e23-4f06-ba78f7b893eb2d28

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1296

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

21

93. D
Prioritize the needs of others. You can't build trust in your relationships if you only care about yourself. That's why
it's so important to prioritize the needs of others. This doesn't mean that you should completely ignore your own
needs, but it does mean you must show empathy and think about how your actions can benefit other people.
Apologizing for mistakes is part of taking responsibility for them. Keeping confidential information private and
communicating often and openly are other techniques that can be used to build trust.
SOURCE: EI:128 Build trust in relationships
SOURCE: LAP-EI-128—Trust in Me (Building Trust in Relationships)
94. D
Point-of-sale fraud. Point-of-sale fraud includes any illegal schemes involving credit cards, checks, or cash that
cheat a business out of money. Some examples would be customers who try to pay for goods with stolen credit
cards, forged checks, or altered bills. Payroll fraud is a form of internal theft carried out by employees of the
business who alter the payroll records to steal money for themselves or others. Embezzlement is the theft of
valuables that have been entrusted to one's care.
SOURCE: OP:013 Explain routine security precautions
SOURCE: Infosys BPM (2023). PoS fraud challenges and solutions. Retrieved October 3, 2023, from
https://www.infosysbpm.com/blogs/bpm-analytics/solutions-to-pos-fraud-challenge.html
95. C
Cultural sensitivity. Culture is the set of customs, habits, and traditions of a particular group of people. The way that
different people interact with one another is an expression of their culture. Businesspeople need to be sensitive to
the fact that their foreign customers may have unique customs such as bowing when they greet rather than shaking
hands. They should accept these customs and try to make their foreign customers feel comfortable.
Businesspeople who behave in this manner are showing respect for other customs and habits and are exhibiting
cultural sensitivity. Communication skills are abilities to express yourself clearly and simply. Stereotypical behavior
involves acting in a manner that conforms to a set image. Language differences occur when people speak different
languages.
SOURCE: EI:033 Exhibit cultural sensitivity
SOURCE: LAP-EI-033—Getting To Know You (Cultural Sensitivity)
96. C
Buying power. The Calvert Automobile Company situation is an example of rationing. Rationing is a function of
relative prices that determines who gets the goods produced or how scarce resources will be distributed. In this
situation, the 1,500 out of 500,000 individuals who are willing and able to pay a very high price to obtain the sports
car have buying power—the ability (financial resources) to purchase the scarce item. Absolute advantage is the
advantage achieved when a nation can produce a good or service for less than another nation. Market position is
the rank of a particular business in a specific market. Unit control is a way of keeping track of inventory according to
the number of units in stock.
SOURCE: EC:006 Describe the functions of prices in markets
SOURCE: LAP-EC-906—When More Is Less (Functions of Prices)

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1296

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

22

97. A
Cancel all of his credit and debit cards. Identity theft occurs when somebody uses another individual's name and
personal information (e.g., credit cards) for fraudulent purposes. The first thing Cameron should do when he
realizes he has lost his wallet is to cancel his credit cards. By canceling the credit cards, Cameron will protect
himself in the event that someone finds his wallet and attempts to use the credit cards. Financial institutions and
businesses (e.g., retailers) issue credit cards, not government agencies. Cameron should contact the proper law
enforcement authorities (e.g., police) if he thinks his wallet is stolen. He can report a lost wallet, and he can also
change the passwords for his online banking accounts. However, the first thing he should do is cancel his credit
and debit cards.
SOURCE: FI:073 Protect against identity theft
SOURCE: Stepko, B. (2023, June 20). What to do if your wallet is lost or stolen. Retrieved October 2, 2023, from
https://www.aarp.org/money/scams-fraud/info-2023/lost-or-stolen-wallet-tips.html
98. C
Fire. If flammable materials come in contact with extreme heat, there is a danger of starting a fire. Electrical
hazards such as a short can be caused by frayed electrical cords with exposed wires, overloaded electrical outlets,
and electrical appliances that could come in contact with water. A shock can result from human contact with a live
electrical circuit. Housekeeping hazards include poorly stacked boxes of merchandise, things left on the floor, and
spilled liquids.
SOURCE: OP:007 Follow safety precautions
SOURCE: eSafety. (2020, September 29). 5 workplace fire safety tips. Retrieved October 3, 2023,
from https://www.esafety.com/5-workplace-fire-safety-tips
99. A
Nonverbal cues. Nonverbal cues, such as maintaining eye contact, leaning forward, or nodding, can demonstrate to
speakers that you are actively listening and engaged in what they are saying. This is an important aspect of active
listening, which represents more than just paying attention and hearing what a speaker is saying. Displaying
optimism can have a positive effect on a workplace, as can participating in polite conversation, but neither
demonstrate active listening practices. Appropriate attire is also important in meetings and any professional
environment but has no bearing on active listening.
SOURCE: CO:017 Demonstrate active listening skills
SOURCE: LAP-CO-017—Listen Up! (Demonstrating Active Listening Skills)
100. A
Professionally. Your appearance reflects your self-concept and self-esteem. People judge you by the way you look.
This means that the clothing you wear to a job interview should be professional and appropriate for the job, which is
not necessarily casual, flashy, or colorful.
SOURCE: PD:002 Maintain appropriate personal appearance
SOURCE: LAP-PD-002—Brand Me (Personal Appearance)

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

