1. What type of law is based on past rulings and precedents set by the judicial system?
A. Administrative law
B. Civil law
C. Criminal law
D. Common law

2. What type of tort involves using false statements to damage a person's reputation and good name?
A. Civil law
B. Misrepresentation
C. Defamation
D. Nuisance

3. A local lawyer owns his own business and has two employees. What type of ownership is his business?
A. Consolidated corporation
B. Partnership
C. Limited liability company
D. Sole proprietorship

4. Canada's federal government has ordered all Canadian companies to stop doing business with the nation of Xixem. Xixem is most likely to be a(n) __________ country.
A. licensed
B. warring
C. restricted
D. embargoed

5. Which of the following sources is most likely to be written for a specialized, informed audience on a particular subject and may include information that is too advanced for casual readers:
A. Magazine
B. Journal
C. Book
D. Newspaper

6. Active listening includes more than paying close attention to a speaker. It also involves asking questions, paraphrasing or summarizing main ideas, and participating in __________ that show the speaker that you are actively engaged in what s/he is saying.
A. appropriate attire
B. optimism
C. polite conversation
D. nonverbal cues

7. Cynthia's supervisor, Ms. Sterling, is in a meeting with a vendor who has come to the office to negotiate a new purchase price. While the meeting is taking place, a long-time customer calls to speak to Cynthia's supervisor. What should Cynthia do?
A. Let the customer know that Ms. Sterling will return the call as soon as her lunch meeting at Chili's is over
B. Interrupt the meeting to ask if Ms. Sterling wants to take a call from a long-time customer
C. Inform the customer that Ms. Sterling is negotiating a contract that could lead to better prices
D. Tell the customer that Ms. Sterling is away from her desk and offer to take a message

8. Displaying energy, asking for and encouraging questions, and sharing personal experiences are strategies for __________ when giving an oral presentation.
A. including visual aids
B. presenting a clear message
C. utilizing nonverbal communication
D. engaging with the audience

9. Outlining, mapping, and the Cornell two-column method are all techniques for
A. manipulating a spreadsheet
B. writing a report
C. planning a work process
D. taking notes

10. When sending an email message to a group of customers, what should you do to protect the privacy of each individual?
A. Copy and paste the message text into a separate email for each customer
B. Enter email addresses in the Cc field
C. Enter email addresses in the Bcc field
D. Send an initial email to each customer asking permission to send them a group message

11. Which component of a formal report provides an overview of the important aspects of the report and is written for an audience who may not have time to read the entire report?
A. Table of contents
B. Executive summary
C. Findings and analysis
D. Report introduction

12. Jadeen wants to include an illustration within the body of her written report. What word-processing software tool would allow Jadeen to adjust the position of words in relation to the outlines of the visual aid?
A. Border margins
B. Wrap text
C. Text shaping tool
D. Margin shaping tool

13. Galen is the social media manager for an interior design company. Which of the following is the most appropriate use of the company's social media pages:
A. Wishing happy birthday to a childhood friend
B. Posting a video from a budget meeting
C. Uploading photos of a completed design project
D. Sharing an interesting article on global warming

14. Krystal's supervisor just sent her an email congratulating her on a positive performance review. Krystal wants to take this opportunity to ask for a raise. What should Krystal do next?
A. Forward the email to a human resources official and ask them to suggest that Krystal get a raise
B. Forward the email to the CEO and ask for a raise with a specific percent increase
C. Send a text message to her supervisor asking for a specific percent increase
D. Reply to the email and ask to schedule a time for a face-to-face meeting

15. Reading the agenda, researching the topics, and writing down any questions or comments are things you can do before a staff meeting so that you can better __________ the meeting.
A. skip out on
B. take control of
C. participate in
D. connect virtually to

16. What should employees do after interacting with each customer?
A. Talk to the manager about the customer
B. Prepare a sales report
C. Thank the customer for coming
D. Take a short rest break

17. Marcus, who works at an athletic shoe and clothing store, watches a customer walk into the store and begin looking at a display of running shoes. Marcus greets the customer and asks if she needs any assistance. The customer responds that she doesn't need any help. What should Marcus do next?
A. Walk away
B. Tell the customer where he will be in case she has any questions
C. Ask more questions to determine what the customer is shopping for
D. Inform a manager

18. In addition to interacting with customers when they visit her restaurant, Joy sends weekly emails to her customers and advertises her restaurant on billboards around town. All of these different methods of communicating with her customers are examples of
A. touchpoints
B. brands
C. brand promises
D. proactivity

19. Susanne has purchased and used the same type and brand of pen for 20 years because they feel comfortable in her hand and she likes the way the pens write. What type of buying behavior is Susanne exhibiting?
A. Indecisive consumption
B. Relationship buying
C. Rational buying
D. Convenience sampling

20. Recently, sales of Woolly Wonders' gloves have been decreasing. What can the company do to increase form utility of the gloves and mittens?
A. Create "texting" gloves
B. Start selling the gloves online
C. Offer the gloves during the warmer months
D. Lower the prices of the gloves

21. Bryant Street Bagels decided to raise its prices from $2 to $3 per bagel. What will likely happen in response?
A. Quantity demanded will decrease
B. Quantity demanded will increase
C. The supply of bagels will stay the same
D. Equilibrium will occur

22. Which of the following statements about ethical business behavior is true:
A. Ethical behavior guarantees a negative outcome
B. Ethical behavior guarantees a positive outcome
C. Behaving ethically is the right thing to do
D. Good business ethics are bad for stakeholders

23. Globalization affects businesses by creating
A. higher prices
B. lower productivity
C. decreased competition
D. greater innovation

24. A country that is known as a welfare state most likely operates under a __________ type of economic system.
A. communist
B. socialist
C. traditional
D. market

25. Which of the following is a speculative risk:
A. An investment
B. A hurricane
C. A burglary
D. An injury

26. Who typically pays payroll taxes?
A. Employers and employees
B. Employers only
C. Employees only
D. Government entities

27. Winnifred is putting together Welcome Back! binders for every student at her school. She realizes that she will put together the binders faster if she asks her friends to help. After 15 minutes of putting together binders with six people, two more people show up to help. After another 15 minutes, Winnifred realizes that six people were somehow putting together binders faster than eight people. Winnifred's situation is an illustration of the law of
A. diminishing returns
B. supply and demand
C. increased production
D. inputs and outputs

28. Which of the following is a primary goal of inflation targeting:
A. Economic depression
B. Deflation
C. Economic recession
D. Price stability

29. During the contraction phase of a business cycle, the demand for goods and services __________ and unemployment __________.
A. stays the same; increases
B. decreases; stays the same
C. increases; decreases
D. decreases; increases

30. Which of the following occurs when a country imports more goods and services than it exports:
A. Balance of trade
B. Trade surplus
C. Balanced budget
D. Trade deficit

31. The Barbados Dollar (BBD) is fixed to the U.S. Dollar at a rate of USD/BBD = 2. In other words, the Barbados Dollar is a __________ currency.
A. free-floating
B. gray
C. pegged
D. referral

32. Dietary restrictions, workday restrictions, and holiday restrictions are all ways that differences in __________ can affect global trade.
A. geography
B. communication
C. gender roles
D. religion

33. Many effective leaders have a high level of emotional intelligence, shown through
A. assertive confidence
B. retroactive behavior
C. tendency for stress
D. impulsive decisions

34. Which of the following statements about assessing personal strengths and weaknesses is true:
A. A single assessment of strengths and weaknesses is enough
B. Assessing strengths is more important than assessing weaknesses
C. Assessment should always come from you, not other people
D. Assessments of personal qualities should be honest and specific

35. What are three general types of personal traits?
A. Mental, financial, and environmental
B. Physical, mental, and emotional
C. Financial, emotional, and physical
D. Environmental, mental, and emotional

36. Corinne works for a small garden center. Most of the time, she is kept busy by her different responsibilities. However, she occasionally finishes early and spends the rest of her shift completing additional tasks and helping other associates with their work. What is Corinne demonstrating?
A. Initiative
B. Integrity
C. Intelligence
D. Intuition

37. When Reggie and Louis are caught goofing off in the halls, they are both given a detention, even though Reggie is older than Louis. This is an example of
A. justice
B. equality
C. discrimination
D. empathy

38. “Could someone be hurt?” is a question you should ask yourself when trying to decide if you're facing a(n)
A. ethical dilemma
B. impossible choice
C. legal situation
D. insignificant problem

39. Felipe wants to start having a more positive attitude. Which of the following is true about attitudes:
A. Attitudes can be helped with humor
B. Attitudes can change quickly and easily
C. Attitudes are unaffected by environments
D. Attitudes are not controllable by people

40. Marta's father recently lost his job. Marta confides in her friend Taylor because she is sad and afraid for the future. Taylor responds reassuringly, telling Marta that she understands how she feels, because her mom lost her job a few years ago. In this example, Taylor is demonstrating
A. prejudice
B. sympathy
C. empathy
D. codependence

41. To truly value diversity, we should __________ differences.
A. criticize
B. ignore
C. minimize
D. celebrate

42. Joel recently interviewed for an internship at a large accounting firm. After his interview, he made sure to send the interviewer a follow-up email saying the following: “Ms. Brown, Thank you again for speaking with me this afternoon. Please let me know if you have any additional questions. If offered this internship, I would be thrilled to except!” What communication mistake did Joel make?
A. He used an incorrect word
B. He used filler words
C. He used inappropriate language
D. He used an inappropriate communication method

43. What is something that most great communicators have in common?
A. Strong listening skills
B. Communication degrees
C. Business backgrounds
D. Powerful voices

44. Telling the truth and being dependable are ways that you can __________, which helps you __________ others.
A. create rapport; audit
B. develop relationships; dismiss
C. build credibility; persuade
D. collect information; celebrate

45. Amanda works for a small business as the social media coordinator. She is responsible for giving a presentation at the annual company meeting next month, but she just realized that she has a wedding to attend that same weekend. Amanda isn't sure if she should RSVP “no” to the wedding or tell her supervisor she can't give the presentation. Amanda is experiencing __________ conflict.
A. functional
B. external
C. internal
D. emotional

46. To prevent burnout, employees should
A. know and communicate their limits
B. take their work home with them
C. keep strong emotions internalized
D. submit a resignation letter and quit

47. Consensus building involves significant
A. majority rule
B. voting
C. collaboration
D. minority rule

48. Before writing your personal vision statement, it is a good idea to
A. reflect on your core values and personal strengths
B. ask your family what they think you should do in life
C. research the most profitable careers and select one
D. meet with a guidance counselor to discuss colleges

49. Marcus knows that everyone on his sales team cares about integrity. He encourages them to demonstrate that integrity to clients to boost sales. This is an example of how __________ helps enlist others in a shared vision.
A. being an example
B. flexibility and adaptability
C. good listening
D. appealing to common ideals

50. Choosing to exercise each day is a quick decision with __________ consequences.
A. long-term
B. short-term
C. ethical
D. immediate
51. A company's objectives, goals, and employees all have a direct impact on organizational
A. marketing
B. accounting
C. culture
D. technology

52. Which of the following is an example of corporate social responsibility:
A. A startup business runs a public relations campaign about its mission
B. A business provides three weeks of vacation time to all employees
C. A retail store refuses to accept returns once 30 days have passed
D. A company donates a portion of its proceeds to charity each year

53. Unpaid balances on credit cards could be subject to __________ if not paid in full on time.
A. balance transfers
B. credit limits
C. finance charges
D. consumer loans

54. Student loan debt is considered to be a(n) __________ when calculating personal net worth.
A. asset
B. uncertainty
C. liability
D. financial tool

55. Alex earns $2,850.70 every two weeks after taxes are taken out of her paycheck. The $2,850.70 is Alex's __________ per pay period.
A. gross pay
B. net pay
C. deduction
D. discount

56. Clara received an email that she thinks is fake. The email claims to be from Clara's bank and is asking for her bank account number, but the message contains several misspellings and grammatical errors. The email is an example of
A. an opt-in email
B. phishing
C. a virus
D. pilferage

57. A bank that is owned by its members and provides a variety of products and services to its members is a
A. certified bank
B. credit union
C. central bank
D. commercial bank

58. Nick has put a large sum of money into a bank account that has a set interest rate. Nick will not be able to access the money for a specific period of time. Nick has invested his money in a
A. savings account
B. fidelity bond
C. money market account
D. certificate of deposit

59. Larry pays $180 each month to National Insurance Corporation for his car insurance. Each month, Larry pays a __________ to National Insurance.
A. deductible
B. premium
C. claim
D. tax

60. The Precious Office Cleaning Company records its income and expenditures when money is exchanged. The business likely uses the __________ accounting method.
A. cash
B. accrual
C. hybrid
D. financial

61. Accountants have a responsibility to strive for continuous improvement and excellence to effectively serve their clients. In other words, accountants must adhere to the principle of
A. due care
B. full disclosure
C. the public interest
D. transparency

62. Which of the following is an example of an intangible asset:
A. Buildings
B. Cash
C. Copyright
D. Inventory

63. Another name for an income statement is the __________ statement.
A. operating
B. concluding
C. cash flow
D. consolidated

64. Miriam works in the finance department for a small business. She is responsible for acquiring funding for her company to develop new products and purchase new equipment. What function is Miriam responsible for?
A. Financing
B. Administration of assets
C. Working capital
D. Monetary policy

65. A budget that contains information from multiple departments in one document is a __________ budget.
A. rolling
B. specialized
C. flexible
D. master

66. Which of the following steps is part of an ethics violation investigation:
A. Recommending that the offender be immediately fired
B. Asking the employee to prove that his report is actually true
C. Persuading the employee to revoke his incident report
D. Obtaining adequate documentation from involved parties

67. Setting marketing goals, selecting target markets, and forecasting sales are activities completed as part of what marketing function?
A. Selling
B. Promotion
C. Channel management
D. Market planning

68. Monika doesn't usually like to spend a lot of money when dining at restaurants, but tonight she added her sister's meal to her bill because they were celebrating her sister's birthday. In this situation, a __________ influence is guiding Monika's buying behavior.
A. situational
B. cultural
C. social
D. psychological

69. The ability to access information from any place and at any time is a benefit of __________ record storage.
A. digital
B. physical
C. financial
D. personnel

70. Information management professionals carry an important responsibility for ensuring that their company has its records in order in case of __________ by the government.
A. outsourcing
B. a financial audit
C. financial modeling
D. an expenditure

71. Jeff, who works as an auto mechanic, uses special computer software to diagnose problems with a car's engine. The software is designed to mimic the knowledge of a human. What type of software program does Jeff use?
A. Hardware
B. Expert system
C. Virtual training
D. Database

72. Which of the following is an example of a URL:
A. www.
B. http:
C. DECA.org
D. /high-school-programs/high-school-competitive-events/

73. Which of the following is the most effective way to use text in a PowerPoint presentation:
A. Use bullet points organized by topic
B. Include full paragraphs to provide context
C. Use a rainbow of colors as well as text
D. Include every word you plan to say

74. Successful data analysis is best characterized as
A. storytelling
B. theft
C. fraud detection
D. code

75. A local bakery wants to create holiday promotions for next year, and to make informed business decisions, the owner wants to use data mining. To use data mining most effectively, the bakery owner needs to remember that data mining
A. is only used by the food industry
B. can only produce qualitative data
C. cannot help boost company sales
D. must be put in context to be useful

76. Examining the relationship between antecedents and consequents is a useful data mining strategy that businesses use to
A. predict customer behavior
B. identify financial fraud
C. develop mission statements
D. detect security breaches

77. Elena is reviewing financial records containing information about all payments made to her business. Elena is reviewing the business's
A. accounts payable
B. accounts receivable
C. asset records
D. financial statements

78. The economy is part of a business's __________ environment.
A. physical
B. internal
C. external
D. tangible

79. Why would a financial advisor use standard deviation to evaluate an investment?
A. To determine the average price
B. To understand potential risk
C. To find the range
D. To solve for mode

80. When a company's executives choose to maximize profits at all costs, they are choosing to prioritize the needs of __________ over any other __________ obligations.
A. employees; union
B. customers; legal
C. shareholders; ethical
D. vendors; supply chain

81. In an effort to promote workplace safety, Felipe wants to reward his employees who complete an entire year without a workplace accident. Which of the following is a possible negative outcome of Felipe's policy:
A. Workers may be less likely to report accidents that do occur
B. Workers may be less likely to attend safety training
C. Workers may be more likely to practice safe workplace behaviors
D. Workers may be more likely to come to work well rested

82. Keeping merchandise well organized, requiring employees to greet each customer who enters, and creating easy-to-follow procedures are all ways to help prevent __________ in a retail setting.
A. high employee turnover
B. theft and shoplifting
C. neighboring competition
D. time theft

83. Which of the following is a direct benefit of behaving ethically in project management:
A. Increased contract terms
B. Speedy project completion
C. Building stakeholder trust
D. Cheapest vendor contracts

84. Which of the following is a question that a project leader should ask his/her team members to monitor a project:
A. Do you think this project will be successful?
B. What are you working on now?
C. Are you happy with the project results?
D. What are your strengths?

85. Karl owns a coat-making business. He is currently negotiating with a farmer to provide the wool he will need to make the coats. Karl is buying for
A. need
B. resale
C. business use
D. transformation

86. The outputs of production can be __________, such as cars or smartphones, or they can be __________, such as education or health care.
A. tangible; intangible
B. industrial goods; consumer goods
C. capital-intensive; labor-intensive
D. natural resources; human resources

87. Which of the following quality-control methods is primarily focused on eliminating waste:
A. Taguchi method/Robust design
B. Concurrent engineering
C. Lean production
D. Process performance management

88. Palm Tree Inc. purchased a new building, which is a capital expenditure. Which of the following is most likely to be included in the operating costs for that building:
A. An air conditioner
B. High-efficiency light bulbs
C. A furnace
D. High-efficiency windows

89. Which of the following is the only true source of income for every member of a supply chain:
A. Raw materials used in manufacturing at the beginning of the supply chain
B. Profit generated from one supply chain member selling to another
C. Final customers who buy the supply chain's end product
D. Investments and loans used to finance the supply chain

90. Which of the following refers to the rights of individuals to control access to their personal information:
A. Privacy
B. Confidentiality
C. Security
D. Nondisclosure

91. Which of the following is true about personal goals:
A. Goals must take less than a year to achieve
B. It helps to split a main goal into smaller goals
C. Goals must not change once written down
D. It helps to make your goal easily achievable

92. Simone works for a law firm that is overwhelmed by calls from people wanting to schedule an initial consultation. Simone is frustrated by the firm's inefficiency, so she spends time exploring other options that might resolve the issue. After a few weeks, Simone has developed an improved process for scheduling consultations that works much better than the previous one. What is this an example of?
A. Intuition
B. Invention
C. Integrity
D. Innovation

93. Sachin and Tom are two brothers trying to put a mini-fridge in their shared room, but they can't figure out how to make it fit. They rearranged the furniture several times and finally made it work by stacking the trash bin on top of a dresser and moving their hamper into the closet. Their mother was impressed because she would not have been capable of resolving their dilemma in the same way they did. Is this an example of creativity?
A. Yes, because they generated an original idea
B. Yes, because it was a collaborative effort
C. No, because creativity is limited to just the arts
D. No, because this was problem-solving, not creativity

94. What area of business do professional sales consultants work in?
A. Management
B. Administration
C. Marketing
D. Finance

95. Adrienne's colleagues describe her as a creative risk-taker who is always looking toward future opportunities. With these qualities, Adrienne is most likely to find success and fulfillment as a(n)
A. entrepreneur
B. small-business owner
C. manager
D. employee

96. Which of the following is an appropriate question to ask during a job interview:
A. How much paid vacation time would I get?
B. What does this company do?
C. How much travel is expected?
D. Do you monitor Internet usage?

97. Hilda is a young businessperson looking for resources that can contribute to her professional development. She knows she wants the opportunity to network, and she likes the idea of being able to learn about new products and compare similar companies in her industry in a relatively short amount of time. What professional development resource is best for Hilda?
A. A trade mentor
B. A trade journal
C. A trade association
D. A trade show

98. Reilly just started a new job. He was given a packet containing workplace policy documents, such as the company's code of conduct, dress code, disciplinary policies, and safety policies. Reilly has a question about one of the items in the dress code section. What should he do?
A. Pretend he didn't read the dress code
B. Hope the rule doesn't apply to him
C. Get a new wardrobe to be safe
D. Ask his supervisor for clarification

99. "At ABC Company, we seek to be the largest and most environmentally conscious producer of bicycles in the country." This sentence is an example of a(n)
A. purpose statement
B. business objective
C. organizational goal
D. company strategy

100. For a school project, Jonah asks his mother what she does for her job. His mother explains that she works in a leadership role at a large marketing company. In her role, she is responsible for developing a vision of what the business should be and deciding where the business is headed. In what level of management does Jonah's mother most likely work?
A. Top-level
B. Mid-level
C. First-line
D. Supervisory

/////

1. D
Common law. Common law is created by court decisions rather than through written legislation. In a
common law system, legal decisions are based on past rulings and the precedent set by higher courts.
Civil law includes laws that deal with the rights and duties of private entities and disputes between them.
Criminal law deals with crime and the legal punishment of criminal offenses. Administrative law pertains
to the actions of government agencies.
SOURCE: BL:163
SOURCE: LAP-BL-163—Laying Down the Law (Complying With the Spirit and Intent of Laws and
Regulations)
2. C
Defamation. Defamation involves using untrue or false characterizations to harm someone's reputation
and public standing. Slander and libel are the two general forms of defamation. Slander involves saying
something untrue that damages a person's or business's reputation, while libel involves writing something
untrue that damages a person's or business's reputation. Misrepresentation involves telling the facts in
an inaccurate way. Defamation violates civil law. Nuisances generally deal with land disputes.
SOURCE: BL:069
SOURCE: Laws.com. (2019, December 22). A brief overview of tort law. Retrieved February 12, 2020,
from https://tort.laws.com/tort-law
3. D
Sole proprietorship. A sole proprietorship is a business that is owned by one person who receives all the
profits from the business and takes all the risks. A partnership is a form of business ownership in which
the business is owned by two or more people. A limited liability is a hybrid form of business ownership in
which members of a business experience limited liability and taxation. A consolidated corporation is not a
real term, but a corporation is a form of business ownership that is owned by stockholders.
SOURCE: BL:003
SOURCE: LAP-BL-001—Own It Your Way (Types of Business Ownership)
4. D
Embargoed. An embargo is an official ban of trade with a certain country. Governments use embargoes
to create economic and political problems for countries that are behaving in an unacceptable manner.
There is no indication that Xixem is warring against Canada or any other country. Sometimes, individuals
or businesses in a particular country are identified as restricted parties, meaning that other nations
cannot trade with those people or businesses, although those foreign countries can still trade with others
in the restricted parties' country. Governments sometimes require domestic companies to obtain an
export license to ship and/or sell their products outside the country.
SOURCE: BL:145
SOURCE: Shipping Solutions. (2019). Export procedures and documentations: An in-depth guide.
Retrieved February 3, 2020, from https://www.shippingsolutions.com/export-documentationprocedure
5. B
Journal. Journals tend to include information designed for an academic audience with a high amount of
prior knowledge on a particular subject. As a result, the information provided in them may be difficult for
the casual reader who is less informed on the subject matter. While some magazines are written for an
audience with an interest in a particular field, magazine articles generally have a broader, less-academic
audience in mind. Some books are written for an informed audience, but others are not. As a general
category, books are often written with broader audiences in mind than are journals. Newspapers also are
often intended for readers with a wide range of experience and prior knowledge about the material in
them.
SOURCE: CO:054
SOURCE: Lehman, C., Dufrene, D., & Walker, R. (2020). BCOM (10th ed.) [p. 161]. Boston, MA:
Cengage Learning, Inc.

2020 HS ICDC

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

12

6. D
Nonverbal cues. Nonverbal cues, such as maintaining eye contact, leaning forward, or nodding, can
demonstrate to speakers that you are actively listening and engaged in what they are saying. This is an
important aspect of active listening, which represents more than just paying attention and hearing what a
speaker is saying. Displaying optimism can have a positive effect on a workplace, as can participating in
polite conversation, but neither demonstrate active listening practices. Appropriate attire is also important
in meetings and any professional environment but has no bearing on active listening.
SOURCE: CO:017
SOURCE: LAP-CO-017—Listen Up! (Demonstrating Active Listening Skills)
7. D
Tell the customer that Ms. Sterling is away from her desk and offer to take a message. Practicing
confidentiality on the phone is an important aspect of business communication and professional
workplace practices. Taking detailed messages that are legible and communicate information or a
specific action item for the message recipient is also important. However, it is not often appropriate to
share any information about what a supervisor or coworker is doing instead of being available for the call.
It is also important to keep confidential any information that should stay internal to the organization, such
as information about contracts that are being negotiated or where a supervisor is planning to have lunch
that day. It is usually only appropriate to interrupt a meeting if the person in the meeting has given clear
prior permission to do so, or if there is an emergency.
SOURCE: CO:114
SOURCE: Guffey, M.E., & Loewy, D. (2019). Essentials of business communication (11th ed.) [Lesson
11-3b]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
8. D
Engaging with the audience. Engaging with the audience is an important part of giving effective oral
presentations. This can keep the audience from losing focus or becoming bored with the presentation.
Presenting a clear message, utilizing nonverbal communication, and including visual aids are all
important approaches for effective presentations, but each has a different set of strategies.
SOURCE: CO:025
SOURCE: LAP-CO-025—Well Said! (Making Oral Presentations)
9. D
Taking notes. Outlining, mapping, and the Cornell two-column method are techniques for effective notetaking. Studies have shown that taking notes by hand rather than by typing is more effective for both
memory and comprehension. Writing a report may involve outlining and possibly mapping, but not the
Cornell two-column method. Planning a process often involves mapping, but not the other two. The
Cornell two-column method is also not a strategy that helps in manipulating a spreadsheet.
SOURCE: CO:085
SOURCE: Oxford Learning. (2017, May 3). How to take study notes: 5 effective note taking methods.
Retrieved February 6, 2020, from https://www.oxfordlearning.com/5-effective-note-takingmethods/
10. C
Enter email addresses in the Bcc field. The Bcc field (short for “blind carbon copy”) sends each recipient
an email that does not display the email addresses of any other recipients. This is commonly used when
sending an email to a group of individuals while maintaining the privacy of the recipients. The Cc (carbon
copy) field sends the same email to multiple recipients but displays the email addresses of the other
recipients. Copying and pasting the same message into many individual emails is time consuming and
does not accomplish any additional privacy measures than using the Bcc field. Due to the privacy
protections inherent in the Bcc solution, there would be no need to contact each recipient ahead of time
to request permission to include them in group messages.
SOURCE: CO:090
SOURCE: Means, T. (2019). Business communication (3rd ed.) [Lesson 7.3]. Boston, MA: Cengage
Learning, Inc.

2020 HS ICDC

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

13

11. B
Executive summary. The executive summary provides an overview of the important aspects or main
points of the entire report. It is written for a reader who may not have time to read the entire report in
detail. It is common in all report formats, but most common in lengthy or overly technical reports. The
table of contents helps provide guidance for the contents of the report and also indicates where parties
only interested in certain aspects can find them. The findings and analysis section exists within the main
body of the report and provides the details of how report information was determined, along with an
analysis of the evidence. The report introduction provides the reader with the purpose of the report and
any information that will help them understand or interpret the findings, including a statement of the
problem or the boundaries of the report's scope.
SOURCE: CO:091
SOURCE: Means, T. (2019). Business communication (3rd ed.) [Lesson 9.3]. Boston, MA: Cengage
Learning, Inc.
12. B
Wrap text. Wrap text is a feature that allows the user to select the way that text will appear around, in
front of, or behind an image, graph, or other visual aid. It is useful in placing visual aids in documents
while maintaining the visual appeal of the document. Border margins, text shaping tool, and margin
shaping tool are not typically features in word processing programs.
SOURCE: CO:204
SOURCE: Means, T. (2019). Business communication (3rd ed.) [Lesson 10-1]. Boston, MA: Cengage
Learning, Inc.
13. C
Uploading photos of a completed design project. Using a company's social media pages to create
awareness of the company's work is an appropriate use of a professional social media account. Creating
a public post that contains any information that should remain internal to the company is not an
appropriate use of the company's social media pages. Personal posts, such as wishing happy birthday to
a childhood friend, is probably best done on a personal social media page, not a company one. Sharing
articles about potentially sensitive or political subjects is not often appropriate for a company's social
media pages, as it could upset potential customers or other stakeholders.
SOURCE: CO:206
SOURCE: Balinas, T. (2020). Social media etiquette for business owners: 25 do's & don'ts. Retrieved
February 6, 2020, from https://www.outboundengine.com/blog/social-media-etiquette-forbusiness-25-dos-donts/
14. D
Reply to the email and ask to schedule a time for a face-to-face meeting. When selecting the appropriate
channel for workplace communication, the intent of the message is an important factor to consider.
Messages that require interaction, such as negotiation, are best delivered face-to-face. Written
communication channels are best used to communicate information that does not require interaction,
such as to make announcements, ask for a quick question or clarification, or to schedule meetings. Text
messages are best used for personal interactions and not often used as professional or workplace
channels of communication. It is often a best practice to directly contact an individual and not ask
someone else to contact them for you.
SOURCE: CO:092
SOURCE: Williams, O. (2019, January 25). What are communication channels within an organization?
Retrieved February 6, 2020, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/communication-channelswithin-organization-61447.html

2020 HS ICDC

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

14

15. C
Participate in. Being prepared to participate in a meeting is good for making the most use of a staff
meeting. Putting yourself in a position to contribute and share questions and opinions demonstrates that
you care about the material and wish to take advantage of the meeting. It is not often a good idea to try to
take control of a meeting unless you are the presenter. Skipping out on meetings does not reflect well on
you as an employee. Even if you think you know everything that is going to be covered, you should still
plan to attend the meeting and participate. All of these steps are also good things to do in preparation for
a virtual meeting, but none of them will help you connect to the meeting.
SOURCE: CO:063
SOURCE: Means, T. (2019). Business communication (3rd ed.) [Lesson 13.3]. Boston, MA: Cengage
Learning, Inc.
16. C
Thank the customer for coming. It is important to thank each customer for visiting and/or doing business
with your company. Thanking customers makes them feel welcome, appreciated, and more likely to work
with your business in the future. Talking to a manager about the customer is likely unnecessary unless a
question came up during your interaction with the customer. Preparing a sales report after interacting
with each customer is inefficient and unnecessary. Sales reports are more likely to be prepared for an
extended period of time such as a week, month, quarter, or year. Although rest breaks are important, it's
not feasible to take a short break after every customer.
SOURCE: CR:004
SOURCE: LAP-CR-004—Set Your Mind to It (Customer Service Mindset)
17. B
Tell the customer where he will be in case she has any questions. Some customers, called "leave-mealone" customers, don't want any assistance or advice when making a buying decision. When
salespeople encounter leave-me-alone customers, their best option is not to hover, ask more questions,
or press the customers for sales. Instead, salespeople should be patient and let the customer know
where they will be if the customer has any questions. If the employee walks away without offering to
answer a customer's questions or pointing out where s/he will be located in case the customer needs
assistance, the customer is likely to get upset. In most cases, it's not necessary to inform a manager if a
customer doesn't want assistance.
SOURCE: CR:009
SOURCE: LAP-CR-009—Making Mad Glad (Handling Difficult Customers)
18. A
Touchpoints. A touchpoint is any interaction between a business and a customer or a potential customer.
Touchpoints can happen in person, over the phone, online, through the mail, and through marketing
communications. A brand is the combined impressions and experiences associated with a particular
company, good, or service. Although Joy's different methods of communicating with her customers may
help build her restaurant's brand, they are not individual examples of multiple brands. Branding could
influence what touchpoints a customer uses. A brand promise is the business's agreement with
customers that it will provide them with a unique benefit and consistently meet their expectations. It does
not have much bearing on touchpoints in this situation. Proactivity involves adapting to an environment in
advance of the occurrence of events.
SOURCE: CR:001
SOURCE: LAP-CR-006—Share the Promise (Identifying Brand Promise)
19. B
Relationship buying. Relationship buying is the type of purchase that a customer makes because of a
long-term relationship the buyer has with a business. Indecisive consumption is a fictitious term. Rational
buying behavior involves making buying decisions based on logic and reason. Convenience sampling is
a non-probability sampling method in which researchers choose respondents based on opportunity.
SOURCE: CR:016
SOURCE: LAP-CR-016—Know When To Hold 'Em (Nature of Customer Relationship Management)

2020 HS ICDC

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

15

20. A
Create “texting” gloves. Form utility is created when a business alters or changes the shape or form of a
product to make it more useful or satisfying for consumers. Many consumers would find it satisfying to be
able to text using a touch screen while wearing gloves. Therefore, Woolly Wonders can add form utility
by creating texting gloves. Selling gloves online is related to place utility. Offering the gloves during
warmer months is related to time utility. Lowering the prices of gloves is related to possession utility.
SOURCE: EC:004
SOURCE: LAP-EC-013—Use It (Economic Utility)
21. A
Quantity demanded will decrease. The law of demand states that the quantity of a good or service that
consumers will buy varies inversely with the price of the good or service. In other words, consumers
usually will buy more at lower prices, and less at higher prices. Therefore, if Bryant Street Bagels raises
its prices, consumers will demand fewer bagels. The supply of bagels will be affected by the change in
price, too. There is no indication that equilibrium would occur in this situation.
SOURCE: EC:005
SOURCE: LAP-EC-011—It's the Law (Supply and Demand)
22. C
Behaving ethically is the right thing to do. Businesses should strive to behave ethically because it is the
right thing to do. Behaving ethically does not guarantee a positive or negative outcome for a business.
Good business ethics are good for stakeholders and society.
SOURCE: EC:106
SOURCE: LAP-EC-106—On the Up and Up (Business Ethics)
23. D
Greater innovation. Globalization affects businesses by creating greater innovation. Because of the
increased competition brought about by globalization, businesses are not only striving to come up with
new ideas first, but they are also inspired and spurred on by the advances and inventions popping up all
over the globe. Globalization increases productivity and tends to create lower prices for consumers.
SOURCE: EC:107
SOURCE: LAP-EC-107—Keep the Change (Adapting to Markets)
24. B
Socialist. Socialist economies are a type of command economy in which the state (government) owns the
basic means of production and has programs that provide health care, education, financial assistance,
and other benefits to its citizens. A communist economy is also a command economy in which the state
owns all of the means of production and distribution. Often in communist economies, there are no
privately owned businesses; instead, all industry is owned and controlled by the state. A traditional
economic system is based on trades passed down through generations of families. A market economic
system is characterized by the private ownership of businesses and limited government control. Instead
of prices being set by the government, like in a communist economic system, prices are set by the
market forces of supply and demand.
SOURCE: EC:007
SOURCE: LAP-EC-017—Who's the Boss? (Economic Systems)
25. A
An investment. Speculative risks bring the possibility of loss, no change, or gain. They are not insurable
because they are unpredictable. Investing money is a speculative risk because you could either lose your
money or gain significant returns on your investment. Hurricanes, burglaries, and injuries are all
examples of pure risks, which only have two possibilities—loss or no loss.
SOURCE: EC:011
SOURCE: LAP-EC-003—Lose, Win, or Draw (Business Risk)

2020 HS ICDC

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

16

26. A
Employers and employees. Payroll taxes, such as Medicare and Social Security taxes, are taxes typically
paid by both employers and employees. Employees and employers each pay half of what is charged for
Medicare and Social Security taxes, which are collectively known as FICA. The revenue generated by
payroll taxes go to fund government programs, among other things.
SOURCE: EC:072
SOURCE: LAP-EC-072—Pay Your Share (Business Taxes)
27. A
Diminishing returns. The law of diminishing returns is an economic concept that states that if one input
increases while the others are constant, at some point the increases in outputs will decline. In this case,
the number of friends helping Winnifred is an increasing input. However, the table space they are using,
for example, is staying the same. With too many friends helping, the amount of output actually starts to
decrease due to the law of diminishing returns. The law of supply and demand is an economic principle
that states that the supply of a good or service will increase when demand is great and decrease when
demand is low. There is no law of increased production or inputs and outputs.
SOURCE: EC:023
SOURCE: LAP-EC-031—Know Your Limits (Law of Diminishing Returns)
28. D
Price stability. When a government decides to pursue a specific inflation rate, it's known as inflation
targeting. A main goal of inflation targeting is price stability. In theory, price stability means that prices
don't change at all, and there is neither inflation nor deflation in the economy. However, in reality, price
stability means that prices in an economy don't change very rapidly, and the value of money is
dependable. Deflation, or the general decrease of prices over time, is not a goal of inflation targeting.
Deflation is generally bad for the economy and is undesirable for businesses and consumers alike.
Economic recessions and depressions are also undesirable for the economy and are not primary goals of
inflation targeting.
SOURCE: EC:083
SOURCE: LAP-EC-083—Up, Up, and Away (Inflation)
29. D
Decreases; increases. After the peak phase of the business cycle, the contraction phase is marked by
the decrease in demand and the increase in unemployment. The contraction phase often leads to smaller
profits for companies, and some businesses are forced to close. When the demand for goods and
services decreases, it is difficult to keep unemployment from increasing because a decrease in demand
tends to lead to fewer sales, which means that companies cannot afford to hire more people or even
keep all of the employees they have. An increase in demand and a decrease in unemployment would be
markers of the expansion phase of the business cycle. Typically, demand and unemployment have an
inverse relationship. When one goes up, the other goes down.
SOURCE: EC:018
SOURCE: LAP-EC-009—Boom or Bust (Impact of Business Cycles)
30. D
Trade deficit. If a country imports more goods and services than it exports, the country has a trade deficit.
A trade deficit sometimes affects the country's gross domestic product. A trade surplus exists when a
country exports more goods and services than it imports. The measure of the value of a country's imports
and exports is known as that country's balance of trade. Trade deficits and trade surpluses are measures
of the balance of trade. A country's budget has very little to do with its balance of trade.
SOURCE: EC:016
SOURCE: LAP-EC-004—Beyond US (Global Trade)

2020 HS ICDC

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

17

31. C
Pegged. Pegged currency is also called fixed currency because its value is fixed to another country's
currency. A government pegs its domestic currency simply by maintaining a fixed exchange rate with a
chosen foreign currency. Pegging currency is useful for stabilizing the domestic currency and making
trade more predictable and efficient. A free-floating currency's value is determined by the foreign
exchange market. In other words, the currency is worth whatever buyers are willing to pay for it, a price
determined by the law of supply and demand. “Gray” and “referral” are not words typically used to
describe types of currency.
SOURCE: EC:100
SOURCE: LAP-EC-100—Get Your Money's Worth (Exchange Rate)
32. D
Religion. Religions around the world can have a significant effect on global trade, and individuals
involved in international business must be aware of these religious differences. For example, delivery
schedules, work hours and holidays, and the availability of different types of products can all depend on
religion that is practiced in certain parts of the world or in certain industries. For example, beef is not
consumed by many people who practice Hinduism. Some people who practice Judaism do not touch
money or operate electronic devices from sundown on Friday to sundown on Saturday. Certain
businesses are closed on Sunday for religious reasons as well. Dietary restrictions are unlikely to involve
differences in communication or gender roles. While geography may impact dietary and workday
restrictions, geography is unlikely to affect holiday restrictions as they relate to global trade.
SOURCE: EC:045
SOURCE: LAP-EC-045—On Top of the World (Impact of Culture on Global Trade)
33. A
Assertive confidence. Leaders need to be confident that they are doing and saying the right things. The
awareness of self and others developed by emotional intelligence can reassure a leader—helping
him/her become an expert at assessing emotions and responding in appropriate ways. Leaders should
display proactive behavior because they are expected to take action before problems develop. Emotional
intelligence means being aware of your own emotions, responding to them appropriately, and then doing
the same with the emotions of other people. Being easily stressed and making impulsive decisions is not
demonstrating control over emotions.
SOURCE: EI:001
SOURCE: LAP-EI-001—EQ and You (Emotional Intelligence)
34. D
Assessments of personal qualities should be honest and specific. Breaking down generalizations will help
you get to the heart of your strengths and weaknesses. If you are not honest about a weakness, you
won't have the opportunity to improve. It can be hard to examine your flaws, but it's necessary to reflect
on your weaknesses as well as your strengths. While self-assessment implies working alone, it often
helps to get another opinion. Discussing your strengths and weaknesses with another person will make
you more aware of your positive and negative qualities. You should start assessment early in your
career, but you need to review your strong and weak points regularly. Tracking your changes and
progress increases your self-awareness and prepares you for lifelong success.
SOURCE: EI:002
SOURCE: LAP-EI-017—Assess for Success (Assessing Personal Strengths and Weaknesses)
35. B
Physical, mental, and emotional. There are three general categories of personal traits—physical, mental,
and emotional. Physical traits include characteristics such as age, gender, race, height, weight, hair
color, eye color, and build. Mental traits are associated with your intellectual abilities—remembering,
comprehending, analyzing, evaluating, and creating. Emotional traits involve your attitudes, feelings,
values, and temperament. While the environment and finances might be related to personal traits, they
are not categories of personal traits.
SOURCE: EI:018
SOURCE: LAP-EI-009—You've Got Personality (Personality Traits in Business)

2020 HS ICDC

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

18

36. A
Initiative. Initiative is the willingness to act without having to be told to do so. People who demonstrate
initiative are willing to accept and seek out additional or even unpleasant duties. You can show initiative
through many ways, including carrying out tasks that must be done, even if they have not been assigned
to you, trying to do more than you are told to do, or mastering new responsibilities on your own. Integrity
means adhering to an established set of ethics and sound moral principles at all times. Intelligence is the
ability to know or learn. Intuition is another word for instinct or “gut feeling.”
SOURCE: EI:024
SOURCE: LAP-EI-240—Hustle! (Taking Initiative at Work)
37. B
Equality. The equality approach to fairness includes treating everyone consistently regardless of
individual characteristics, traits, or circumstances. In this case, Reggie and Louis are being treated the
same, even though Reggie is older than Louis. The justice approach includes treating others how they
deserve to be treated according to an ethical understanding of what is right and taking people's unique
characteristics into account when determining what is fair for that individual. This is not the case with
Reggie and Louis because their individual characteristics are not being considered. Discrimination is
unfair treatment of a person or a group based on the person's or group's characteristics. There is no
indication that discrimination is occurring in this situation. Finally, empathy is understanding and
identifying with the thoughts, feelings, values, attitudes, and/or actions of another person. Empathy is not
related to this situation.
SOURCE: EI:127
SOURCE: LAP-EI-127—Fair or Foul? (Demonstrating Fairness)
38. A
Ethical dilemma. When facing an ethical dilemma, ask yourself, “Could someone be hurt?” In ethical
dilemmas, someone could be harmed if the wrong decision is made. This is not a question to determine
whether you're facing an impossible choice or an insignificant problem. Ethical dilemmas sometimes
involve actions that are illegal, but not always.
SOURCE: EI:125
SOURCE: LAP-EI-125—Make the Right Choice (Recognizing and Responding to Ethical Dilemmas)
39. A
Attitudes can be helped with humor. Being able to laugh at yourself and at annoying things that happen is
very good for your positive attitude. It keeps you from taking yourself too seriously and helps you keep
things in perspective. Changing attitudes won't happen overnight. Our attitudes develop from the time we
are children, and they can't be changed that easily. Energy is like the common cold—contagious.
Surrounding yourself with positive people will have a positive effect on your attitude. Your attitude is one
of the few things in life over which you have complete control. The choice to be positive is one you make
every day, and no one else can make that decision for you.
SOURCE: EI:019
SOURCE: LAP-EI-003—Opt for Optimism (Positive Attitude)
40. C
Empathy. Empathy is the ability to put yourself in another person's place or to see a situation from
another person's point of view. Someone who is empathetic can relate to another person's feelings,
thoughts, and experiences. Sympathy is simply the ability to recognize another person's feelings. If you
are sympathetic but not empathetic, you may feel sorry for someone who is in need, but you can't or
won't imagine what it would be like to be in that person's place. Prejudice is opinion or judgment that is
based on feeling or hearsay, rather than fact. Codependence occurs when one person compromises
her/his own needs and wants in order to care for another person who may be experiencing emotional,
physical, or financial difficulties.
SOURCE: EI:030
SOURCE: LAP-EI-030—Have a Heart (Showing Empathy for Others)

2020 HS ICDC

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

19

41. D
Celebrate. Some people think that valuing diversity means ignoring or minimizing differences. While
these people may have the best intentions, they are still missing the mark. Valuing diversity does not
mean ignoring differences or minimizing other people's unique experiences; rather, it means openly
acknowledging differences and believing that they are assets instead of problems. Celebrating
differences is a way to praise the assets that different people bring to a business. Criticizing differences
does not value diversity and leans toward cultural insensitivity.
SOURCE: EI:033
SOURCE: LAP-EI-033—Getting To Know You (Cultural Sensitivity)
42. A
He used an incorrect word. Communication requires a two-way connection in order to work.
Unfortunately, people often make mistakes when they are communicating that prevent this two-way
connection from forming, such as using an incorrect or misspelled word. In his email, Joel should have
used the word “accept,” not “except.” Other communication barriers include poor grammar or syntax,
inappropriate language, filler words such as “um” or “like,” and inappropriate communication methods.
These behaviors are barriers to effective communication because they distract from the message and
might portray the sender in a negative light. In this example, Joel appears unprofessional and not
detailed-oriented, which might hurt his chances of being offered the internship.
SOURCE: EI:007
SOURCE: LAP-EI-140—More Than Just Talk (Effective Communication)
43. A
Strong listening skills. Being open and honest isn't just about talking—it's also about actually listening to
what other people have to say. This means paying close attention when people are confiding in you
about problems or detailing struggles they are experiencing. Not all great communicators have
communication degrees because higher education is not necessary to be a strong communicator. Having
a background in business does not necessarily correlate to good communication skills. Powerful voices
are also not correlated to good communication skills and might even prevent speakers from listening.
SOURCE: EI:129
SOURCE: LAP-EI-129—Can We Talk? (Fostering Open, Honest Communication)
44. C
Build credibility; persuade. Persuading others isn't always easy, but the first step lies in developing
personal credibility. When you have credibility, others believe what you say. To develop credibility, you
need to prove you are an expert, tell the truth, and be dependable. While telling the truth and being
dependable are ways to develop relationships and create rapport, they do not help dismiss or audit
others. Telling the truth and being dependable might be related to celebration of others, but they are not
related to collecting information.
SOURCE: EI:012
SOURCE: LAP-EI-121—Win Them Over (Persuading Others)
45. C
Internal. A conflict is a disagreement. Internal conflict occurs when you have conflicting thoughts or ideas
within yourself. In this example, Amanda's conflict occurs in her mind as she struggles between two
options. External conflict occurs with another person or group of people. Functional conflict occurs when
people disagree about something tangible or concrete. Often, the people involved agree on a goal but
have different approaches to the situation. Emotional conflict arises when people have different personal
beliefs, values, or experiences. Because no one else is involved in Amanda's conflict, this is not an
example of external, functional, or emotional conflict.
SOURCE: EI:015
SOURCE: LAP-EI-007—Stop the Madness (Conflict Resolution in Business)

2020 HS ICDC

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

20

46. A
Know and communicate their limits. Burnout is a type of exhaustion caused by too much stress. It can be
tempting to try to do as much work as possible, but taking on too much without knowing your limits can
be a stressful mistake. If an employee has too much on his/her plate already, s/he might consider
delegating the work to other employees or discussing the situation with her/his boss. Too much work is
one of the biggest causes of stress, and working long hours (often at home) to complete those projects
just leads to more exhaustion and stress. Holding stress inside doesn't make it go away—in fact, it
usually just makes it worse. Quitting a job is not a recommended way to deal with burnout, and indeed
might cause more stress.
SOURCE: EI:028
SOURCE: LAP-EI-028—Keep Your Cool (Stress Management)
47. C
Collaboration. Consensus building (sometimes called collaboration or collaborative decision-making) can
be viewed as both a process and as a skill. As a process, it's the group's way of coming to an agreement.
As a skill, it's the action of bringing the group to an agreement. In consensus building, no one wins
(unlike the process of voting). Majority rule usually occurs when a large part of the group has the power
to decide, and minority rule occurs when a group allows a few of its members to make a decision for
everyone. With consensus, each group member's opinion is worth the same as any other member's
opinion. With consensus, nothing can be accomplished without everyone's agreement.
SOURCE: EI:011
SOURCE: LAP-EI-019—It's a Group Thing (Consensus Building)
48. A
Reflect on your core values and personal strengths. Before writing your personal vision statement, it is
important to know what you value in life and what you are good at—knowing these things allows you to
write a vision that is authentic and accurately reflects what you want most in life. Asking family members
what they think you should do with your life will not help you write your personal vision. Your vision
should represent your unique values and ambitions, not your family members'. You do not need to select
a career path before determining your personal vision; in fact, creating your personal vision first will help
you find the career that best aligns with your goals. Meeting with a guidance counselor to discuss
colleges may help you determine your post-graduation plans but is not necessary to do before creating
your personal vision.
SOURCE: EI:063
SOURCE: LAP-EI-063—Picture This! (Determining Personal Vision)
49. D
Appealing to common ideals. Leaders can unite even the most diverse groups of people in a shared
vision by finding values and principles that everyone can get behind. Marcus is appealing to his team's
common ideal of integrity to enlist them in a shared vision. This is not an example of how flexibility and
adaptability, good listening, or being an example help enlist others in a shared vision.
SOURCE: EI:060
SOURCE: LAP-EI-060—Vision Quest (Enlisting Others in Vision)
50. A
Long-term. The consequences of your actions are not always immediate. Sometimes, you (and others)
won't experience them until sometime in the future. Exercising once might not show immediate or even
short-term results, but exercising each day will show long-term consequences as a result of your
consistency. Short-term decisions and actions add up to long-term consequences. Exercising now means
your body will be strong and able to keep up with life's future demands. Choosing to exercise each day is
not related to ethics.
SOURCE: EI:137
SOURCE: LAP-EI-137—Choose for the Future (Assessing the Long-Term Value and Impact of Actions
on Others)

2020 HS ICDC

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

21

51. C
Culture. Organizational culture is a set of shared values, beliefs, and assumptions that govern how
people behave within an organization. One of the most important cultural influencers is an organization's
goals and objectives, because a company's culture is influenced by what it is trying to achieve. The
attitudes, mentalities, values, and interests of employees all affect an organization's culture. While
accounting, marketing, and technology might be related to a business and its culture, they are not directly
impacted by company objectives, goals, and employees.
SOURCE: EI:064
SOURCE: LAP-EI-064—Culture Club (The Nature of Organizational Culture)
52. D
A company donates a portion of its proceeds to charity each year. Many people believe that businesses
have a moral obligation to give back to their communities. This is called corporate social responsibility,
and an example is a company donating a portion of its proceeds to charity each year. Providing vacation
time to employees is a nice gesture, but it is not necessarily an example of a company giving back to its
community. Return policies and public relations campaigns are not examples of corporate social
responsibility.
SOURCE: EN:044
SOURCE: LAP-EN-044—Ethical Excellence (Ethics in Entrepreneurship)
53. C
Finance charges. Finance charges are interest and/or fees charged on the outstanding balance of a
credit account—in this case, a credit card. A credit limit is simply the maximum amount of money that can
be owed on a credit account. If the full balance is paid at the end of each billing cycle, there would be no
finance charges. A balance transfer is the exchange of a balance from one credit account to the next.
Consumer loans are a form of credit.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: LAP-FI-002—Give Credit Where Credit Is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
54. C
Liability. The formula for calculating personal net worth is assets minus liabilities. A liability is a debt that
is owed. As such, it needs to be accounted for when calculating personal net worth. Debt can lead to
uncertainty, which typically can't be quantified. An asset is anything of value that a business or individual
owns. While an individual can loan money to others, student loan is not an asset. Student loan debt is not
a financial tool.
SOURCE: FI:562
SOURCE: Hamm, T. (2019, October 29). How to calculate net worth. Retrieved February 4, 2020, from
thesimpledollar.com/financial-wellness/how-to-calculate-your-net-worth/
55. B
Net pay. Net pay is the amount of money that is given to an employee after all types of deductions and
taxes are taken out of a paycheck. The gross pay is the amount of money that is paid to an employee
before deductions and taxes are taken out. Deductions are items that reduce the gross amount of an
individual's income, which in turn reduce the taxes owed on that income. A discount is a reduction in the
price of a product.
SOURCE: FI:068
SOURCE: Gusto. (2019). What's the difference between net pay and gross pay. Retrieved February 10,
2020, from https://support.gusto.com/account-setup-maintenance/manage-yourbusiness/payroll-pointers/1066219731/What-s-the-difference-between-net-pay-and-grosspay.htm

2020 HS ICDC

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

22

56. B
Phishing. Phishing is an online identity theft scam that fools its victims into believing they are submitting
sensitive, personal information to a legitimate source when they are not. There is no indication that the
email contains a virus, although some suspicious emails do. An opt-in email is an electronic promotional
message that is sent with a recipient's permission and allows the recipient to request removal from the
subscriber list at any time. There's also no indication that Clara gave permission for the suspicious email
to be sent to her. Pilferage is the theft of small sums of money or inexpensive items.
SOURCE: FI:073
SOURCE: IRS. (2018, May 7). Phishing, identity theft, and scams. Retrieved February 4, 2020, from
https://www.irs.gov/newsroom/phishing-identity-theft-and-scams
57. B
Credit union. A credit union is a financial cooperative that is set up to provide savings and credit services
to its members. A certified bank is a fictitious term. A central bank is a country's main monetary authority.
A commercial bank is a full-service bank offering a variety of banking services including checking and
savings accounts, secured and unsecured loans, and other options. Commercial banks generally serve a
wider range of people than credit unions.
SOURCE: FI:075
SOURCE: Horton, M. (2019, August 4). What are the 9 major financial institutions? Retrieved February
4, 2020, from https://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/061615/what-are-major-categoriesfinancial-institutions-and-what-are-their-primary-roles.asp
58. D
Certificate of deposit. Certificates of deposit are lending investments that involve an individual lending
money to a bank to earn a set interest rate over a specified period of time. A money market account is a
lending investment in which an individual lends a minimum amount of money to a bank to earn interest. A
savings account is also an investment in which money is lent to a bank, but that money can typically be
withdrawn at any time. Savings accounts generally have lower interest rates than certificates of deposit.
A fidelity bond is insurance coverage that protects a business from losses due to employee theft.
SOURCE: FI:077
SOURCE: LAP-FI-077—Invest for Success (Types of Investments)
59. B
Premium. An insurance premium is a fee that is paid to an insurance company for providing insurance
protection. A deductible is the amount of money that the insured party must pay before the insurance
company will pay a claim. A premium is a cost. A claim is a request for reimbursement for loss or
damage. A tax is money that individuals and businesses must pay to the government.
SOURCE: FI:081
SOURCE: Kagan, J. (2019, June 12). Insurance. Retrieved February 6, 2020, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/i/insurance.asp
60. A
Cash. The cash accounting method is a method in which income and expenditures are recorded at the
time the money changes hands. The accrual accounting method is a method that records transactions at
the time they occur even if no money changes hands at the time. The hybrid accounting method
combines the cash and accrual accounting methods. Financial accounting is a type of accounting that
involves preparing and reporting financial data to external users who are not directly involved in business
operations.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: LAP-FI-085—Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)

2020 HS ICDC

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

23

61. A
Due care. The principle of due care requires accountants to serve their clients in the best possible way.
Because of the nature of the profession, accountants need to be competent in all aspects of the job and
strive for continuous improvement and excellence. Full disclosure is closely related to due care. The
principle of full disclosure requires accountants to include all information in prepared documents so that
the documents can be understood correctly. It is in the public interest for accountants to fully disclose
information. Transparency, which coincides with the principle of full disclosure, means maintaining honest
and open communication.
SOURCE: FI:351
SOURCE: LAP-FI-351—With Due Care (The Role of Ethics in Accounting)
62. C
Copyright. An asset is anything of value that a business or individual owns. An intangible asset is an
asset that is not physical in nature. Copyrights, patents, intellectual property, and goodwill are all
examples of intangible assets. Cash, buildings, and inventory are all tangible assets.
SOURCE: FI:093
SOURCE: LAP-FI-010—The Right Balance (The Nature of Balance Sheets)
63. A
Operating. The income statement is also known as the operating statement. The information contained in
the statement is used by businesses to make a variety of decisions that affect how a business will
operate. Income statements can be ongoing documents and, therefore, cannot be concluding. An income
statement can provide information that can be used on a cash flow statement, but the two statements are
separate things. Consolidated financial statements contain financial information for more than one
company. Consolidated financial statements include the income statement, cash flow statement, and
balance sheet.
SOURCE: FI:094
SOURCE: LAP-FI-094—Watch Your Bottom Line (Income Statements)
64. A
Financing. Financing is one of the activities that financial managers are responsible for. If a business
doesn't have the money that it needs to develop a new product or purchase new equipment, the finance
department must acquire funding for those projects from external sources. Businesses may finance new
projects through debt, equity, or venture capital. Administration of assets is a finance activity involving
making decisions about a firm's investments. Working capital is cash available for the business to use, or
put to work, in its day-to-day operations—not for new projects. Monetary policy is a government policy
that determines the amount of money that will be in circulation and the level of interest rates.
SOURCE: FI:354
SOURCE: LAP-FI-354—Money Matters (Role of Finance)
65. D
Master. A master budget is an overall budget of a company, made up of information from specialized
budgets that are generated by individual departments. A specialized budget reflects a particular
department or activity of a company. A flexible budget can be adjusted with changes in business activity.
A rolling budget replaces each passing month with a new month added to the end of the budget, so that
there is always a year-long budget in place. There's no indication that the budget in question is either
flexible or rolling.
SOURCE: FI:106
SOURCE: LAP-FI-106—Money Tracks (Nature of Budgets)
66. D
Obtaining adequate documentation from involved parties. When misconduct occurs at work, human
resources managers are responsible for thoroughly investigating the incident. A properly executed ethics
violation investigation involves obtaining adequate documentation from all involved parties. It would not
be appropriate to ask the employee to prove that his report was actually true, to persuade the employee
to revoke his incident report, or to recommend that the offender be immediately fired.
SOURCE: HR:411
SOURCE: LAP-HR-411—Moral Mediators (Ethics in Human Resources Management)

2020 HS ICDC

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

24

67. D
Market planning. The first step of any activity is to make a plan, and marketing is no exception. The
market planning function aims to create strategies to attract the target customer to the business. Market
planning includes determining activities, goals, objectives, and procedures necessary to carry out those
strategies. The channel management function is responsible for identifying, selecting, monitoring, and
evaluating sales channels. The purpose of the promotion function is to communicate information about
goods, services, images, and/or ideas to achieve a desired outcome. The selling function involves
determining client needs and wants and responding through planning, personalized communication that
influences purchase decisions and enhances future business opportunities.
SOURCE: MK:002
SOURCE: LAP-MK-001—Work the Big Seven (Marketing Functions)
68. A
Situational. There are times when specific situations can override the more dominant influences on
buying behavior, such as culture or personality. While Monika might not normally spend money when
dining out, she made an exception in this case because it was a special occasion: her sister's birthday.
Psychological influence involves a consumer's perceptions, beliefs, and attitudes within his/her own
reality. Social interactions have a strong effect on your buying behavior, as much of what you know about
making purchases you've learned by watching family and friends. The most significant influence on
buying behavior is culture, which is the system of values, traditions, and preferences that is handed down
from one generation to the next.
SOURCE: MK:014
SOURCE: LAP-MK-014—Cause and Effect (Buying Behavior)
69. A
Digital. Digital records can typically be accessed at any place and at any time as long as the viewer has
the necessary password or other security information. This is one of the most significant benefits of
storing records digitally on remote servers. Access to physical records requires that a person be
physically present to view them or send the information. Versions of financial records are often kept in
both digital and physical forms. Personnel files are often kept in physical forms, which can lead to
additional costs for security measures.
SOURCE: NF:081
SOURCE: Ray, L. (2020). Should a company keep both digital & physical records? Retrieved February
6, 2020, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/should-company-keep-digital-physicalrecords-78503.html
70. B
A financial audit. An audit is a process by which an organization's accounts and records are verified,
generally by the organization's employees, a certified public accountant, or a governmental entity. In an
audit, the company may have to provide certain accounting records to prove that its books are accurate
and complete. While governments sometimes outsource certain tasks, government outsourcing isn't an
important reason for a business to keep its records in order. Likewise, information management
professionals aren't likely to have to share their company records for government expenditures. Financial
modeling is the task of building an abstract representation of a real-world financial situation.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: LAP-NF-110—In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
71. B
Expert system. An expert system is computer software that uses artificial intelligence to mimic the
knowledge of a human expert. It is typically used to supplement a human operator's knowledge base.
Hardware refers to the physical components of a computer, rather than the programs that tell the
computer what to do, called software. Virtual training involves using computers to train employees in
certain fields. A database is computerized storage for information and facts.
SOURCE: NF:003
SOURCE: LAP-NF-004—TECH-tastic (Technology's Impact on Business)

2020 HS ICDC

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

25

72. C
DECA.org. The domain name indicates what web server a user is attempting to reach. It is known as the
business's web address. Sometimes, the full URL contains the letters "www." The "http:" is the protocol
portion of a URL. A protocol, located at the beginning of a URL, is a method for exchanging or moving
information on a network. "/high-school-programs/high-school-competitive-events/" is the path to the web
page containing information about high school competitive events.
SOURCE: NF:006
SOURCE: Mozilla. (2020). What is a URL? Retrieved February 10, 2020, from
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Common_questions/What_is_a_URL
73. A
Use bullet points organized by topic. Best practices for using text in a PowerPoint presentation include
using bullet points to indicate to the audience what the presentation's key points and ideas are. Full
paragraphs or every word that a presenter wants to say would only confuse a person listening to a
presenter. Using a rainbow of colors on each slide is likely to be distracting to the audience.
SOURCE: NF:008
SOURCE: Vanderbilt University. (n.d.) Making better PowerPoint presentations. Retrieved February 10,
2020, from https://cft.vanderbilt.edu/guides-sub-pages/making-better-powerpointpresentations/
74. A
Storytelling. Data analysis means reviewing data and using that information to draw conclusions that
inform future business practices. On their own, data items might just be statistics, but when taken
together, the numbers can give businesses a narrative that reveals patterns or trends. Businesses can
then use that narrative to make changes to operations or for future business decisions. Data analysis is
legal and is not considered theft. While analyzing data might help in detecting fraud, fraud detection is not
its sole purpose and is therefore not its best characterization. Code is a set of symbols and rules that
represent computer instructions.
SOURCE: NF:139
SOURCE: Frankenfield, J. (2019, April 27). Data analytics. Retrieved January 30, 2020, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/d/data-analytics.asp
75. D
Must be put in context to be useful. Data mining is the process of gathering data, analyzing data, and
identifying patterns and trends that then inform business practices. However, those who use data mining
should know that to use the data most effectively, they must understand the data being analyzed, where
it comes from, and the context in which it was collected. Data mining is an exploration of quantitative
data. Many businesses use data mining to increase profits or improve products. Data mining has been
used by many different organizations and is not just limited to the food industry.
SOURCE: NF:148
SOURCE: Brown, T.J, Suter, T.A., & Churchill, G.A., Jr. (2018). Basic marketing research (9th ed.)
[Lesson 4-4]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
76. A
Predict customer behavior. As part of data mining, many companies use association rules to help explore
the relationships between items of a large data set. Association rules are a kind of “if, then” statement
that characterizes the relationship between two items (e.g., if a customer buys bread, then s/he will also
buy butter). Antecedents are the “ifs” of this rule, and consequents are the “thens.” By analyzing the
relationship between antecedents and consequents, businesses can predict customer behavior and use
that information to inform business practices. Antecedents and consequents are not used to identify
financial fraud, develop mission statements, or detect security breaches for businesses.
SOURCE: NF:151
SOURCE: TechTarget. (2018, November). Association rules (in data mining). Retrieved January 30,
2020, from https://searchbusinessanalytics.techtarget.com/definition/association-rules-indata-mining

2020 HS ICDC

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

26

77. B
Accounts receivable. Accounts receivable records contain information about money that is owed to and
received by a business. Accounts payable is all the money that is owed by the business to others. Asset
records are documents that record anything of value that a business owns. Financial statements are
summaries of various types of financial information that illustrates the financial goings-on of a business.
SOURCE: NF:001
SOURCE: LAP-NF-001—Record it (Business Records)
78. C
External. The external environment is a business's external, uncontrollable surroundings. The external
environment consists of elements such as the economy, demographics, society and culture, etc. The
internal environment would include items like inventory, research and development, and capital. Tangible
items have a physical presence and can be touched, smelled, tasted, seen, or heard. The economy is
intangible; it isn't a physical thing.
SOURCE: NF:015
SOURCE: LAP-NF-015—Get the 4-1-1 (Conducting an Environmental Scan)
79. B
To understand potential risk. Standard deviation is used to measure the differences or distances of data
points from the mean of the data set. Analysts often use the standard deviation to help determine an
investment's volatility. An investment with a high standard deviation is more volatile than one with a low
standard deviation. Analysts already know the average or mean of the data when they calculate standard
deviation. The range is the difference between the largest and smallest numbers in a data set. The mode
is the number that appears the most in a data set.
SOURCE: NF:093
SOURCE: Hargrave, M. (2019, May 25). What is standard deviation? Retrieved February 12, 2020,
from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/s/standarddeviation.asp
80. C
Shareholders; ethical. Almost all companies have a responsibility to their shareholders to maintain a
certain level of profitability. Only when a company is profitable do its investors receive dividends on their
stock purchases. However, company executives have other ethical responsibilities they have to balance
with their desire to turn a profit. Other ethical responsibilities that executives should consider include
environmental protections, employees' welfare and morale, taxes, and customer satisfaction. Maximizing
profitability is rarely done in the customers', employees', or vendors' best interest.
SOURCE: OP:190
SOURCE: LAP-OP-190—Above Board (Ethics in Operations)
81. A
Workers may be less likely to report accidents that do occur. Rewards that are given to workers who do
not have any accidents may have the impact of encouraging employees to stop reporting accidents or
even frame other employees for accidents. Even though this policy may lead to positive outcomes like
increased attendance in safety training programs, more commonly performed safety measures, or an
increase in workers making sure they are well rested before using equipment, these kinds of rewards
policies are not encouraged by workplace safety organizations.
SOURCE: OP:009
SOURCE: Duff, V. (2020). How to encourage employees to report workplace injuries. Retrieved
February 6, 2020, from https://work.chron.com/encourage-employees-report-workplaceinjuries-1698.html

2020 HS ICDC

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

27

82. B
Theft and shoplifting. Maintaining well-organized merchandise makes it easier to notice if any has been
taken. Requiring employees to greet each customer who enters the store lets every person know that
your employees are not only customer service-focused, but also that an employee has made eye contact
with each person in the store. This has the effect of making shoplifters feel their whereabouts are being
noticed. Easy-to-follow procedures in the event that an employee suspects or witnesses shoplifting
reduces the likelihood that an employee will not know what to do to stop or appropriately document the
event. Practicing good customer service and maintaining well-organized merchandise are unlikely to be
the best ways to directly prevent employee turnover or employee time theft. Easy-to-follow procedures
are not likely to protect against competition.
SOURCE: OP:013
SOURCE: Hudson, M. (2019, September 27). A guide to preventing retail theft or shoplifting. Retrieved
February 11, 2020, from https://www.thebalancesmb.com/shoplifting-prevention-1012890256
83. C
Building stakeholder trust. Projects that are handled and completed ethically are likely to develop trust
between project teams and stakeholders. This could lead to additional projects in the future. Behaving
ethically rarely leads to the fastest possible project completion, as assuring quality, treating team
members well, and limiting risk are among the behaviors that take time to perform ethically. Similarly,
negotiating contract terms ethically does not often lead to the cheapest possible contract. Ethically
negotiating with vendors often means finding a balance that benefits both sides. Increasing contract
terms is also not a direct result of ethical behavior. It is only ethical to ask for more funding if the project
itself requires the additional funds. Ethically pricing the original contract often requires the careful
planning and estimating of costs, which often leads to asking for the correct amount during the initial
budgeting stage of a project.
SOURCE: OP:675
SOURCE: LAP-OP-675—Projects With Principles (Ethics in Project Management)
84. B
What are you working on now? One of the most effective methods of monitoring a project is through
meetings and one-on-one conversations with team members. When having these meetings, one question
that you can ask is, “What are you working on now?” This will give you an idea of the project's status and
how team members are doing. Asking whether or not the team members think the project will be
successful does not necessarily help you monitor the status of the project work. If you're asking about the
project results, your project has been completed, and it is too late to monitor it. Finally, asking about team
members' strengths should have been done during the planning stage of the project and does not help a
project leader monitor the project while it is in progress.
SOURCE: OP:520
SOURCE: LAP-OP-520—Check Your (Project) Pulse (Monitoring Projects and Taking Corrective
Actions)
85. D
Transformation. Buying for transformation refers to the purchase of raw materials and components that
will then be converted into finished products. This type of buying most often occurs at manufacturing
companies. Buying for resale most often involves the wholesalers and retailers who purchase the
finished products that they will then sell, without transforming the product in any significant way. Buying
for business use refers to the purchasing of items for use by and for a company or organization. These
types of purchases are often office supplies and/or equipment, tools, uniforms, furniture, etc. Buying for
business use can happen in any type of company. Buying for need is not typically considered to be a
type of purchasing.
SOURCE: OP:015
SOURCE: LAP-OP-002—Buy Right (Purchasing)

2020 HS ICDC

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

28

86. A
Tangible; intangible. The goods and services produced as the result of combining inputs are called
outputs. Outputs may be tangible products such as computers or jewelry, or they may be intangible
products such as education or health care. Outputs that are sold to producers who will use them to make
other products are called industrial goods. Outputs are categorized as consumer goods if they are
ultimately sold to consumers. Inputs turn into products during the conversion process. Conversion
processes, not outputs, are classified as labor-intensive or capital-intensive. Natural resources and
human resources are examples of inputs of production, not outputs.
SOURCE: OP:017
SOURCE: LAP-OP-017—Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
87. C
Lean production. Lean production focuses on maximizing customer value and eliminating any part of the
process that does not create added value for the customer. According to lean production, anything that
does not create this kind of value is considered waste and should be eliminated from the process.
Concurrent engineering is an approach to quality-control management that focuses on managing quality
of design and production at the same time instead of one after another. The Taguchi method, also known
as robust design, focuses the most attention on research and design before production begins in an effort
to limit errors that might occur in production. It is a proactive rather than a reactive approach to qualitycontrol management. Process performance management (PPM) focuses on production or manufacturing
processes to maximize efficiency and quality of the end result.
SOURCE: OP:163
SOURCE: LAP-OP-008—Take Control (Quality-Control Measures)
88. B
High-efficiency light bulbs. Capital expenditures refer to the cost of one-time or long-term assets such as
a building, an air conditioner, a furnace, or the windows placed in a building. Operating costs are those
expenses associated with maintaining the building or the routine costs associated with manufacturing or
selling. Operating costs tend to be short-term costs such as labor, utilities, mortgage payments, taxes,
short-term office equipment (as opposed to large machinery, which is most often considered a capital
expenditure), etc.
SOURCE: OP:024
SOURCE: LAP-OP-009—Watch Your (Over) Head (Overhead/Operating Costs)
89. C
Final customers who buy the supply chain's end product. The sales revenue generated by customers
purchasing a supply chain's end product is the only true income source for an entire supply chain. As a
result, customer satisfaction is one of the most important factors in supply chain management. Profit
generated from purchases made within the supply chain does not add income to the supply chain. The
only source for any money that is generated through participation in a supply chain must come from the
ultimate sale of the end product. Without this sale, no supply chain member will be able to receive
revenues. Raw materials used in manufacturing play into the expenses side of the supply chain, but there
are more expenses than just the raw materials. Because the only revenue created must come from the
final customer, many aspects of supply chain management involve limiting expenses up to the point
where the customers' expectations for the final product are still being met, but not beyond. Neither
investments nor loans are commonly considered income for a business.
SOURCE: OP:443
SOURCE: Wisner, J.D., Tan, K., & Leong, G.K. (2019). Principles of supply chain management (5th
ed.) [Lesson 1-1]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.

2020 HS ICDC

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

29

90. A
Privacy. Privacy refers to the rights an individual has to decide which persons or organizations have
access to her/his personal information. Confidentiality, though related to privacy, refers to decisions
about who is given access to a variety of information, including personal information of customers but
also internal information within a company. Certain individuals within organizations or certain partner
organizations must agree to keep certain information confidential, which means only giving access to the
information in question to people who have also agreed to keep access to the information restricted.
Security is the process by which private and/or confidential information is protected from leaks,
cyberattacks, or other vulnerabilities that may threaten its protected status. Nondisclosure is an
agreement that individuals agree to in which they promise, under penalty of law, to keep information or
knowledge to themselves and not share that information or knowledge with others.
SOURCE: OP:441
SOURCE: Techopedia. (2017). What is the difference between privacy, confidentiality, and security?
Retrieved February 5, 2020, from https://www.techopedia.com/7/29803/security/what-is-thedifference-between-privacy-confidentiality-and-security
91. B
It helps to split a main goal into smaller goals. It's important to break your goals down into smaller, shortterm goals to pursue. Breaking down your goal is about putting your finger on what it is you want to
achieve and listing, in an organized way, how you can achieve it. Goals are dynamic, meaning that they
can change. Change your goals only when appropriate, like when achieving them is affected by a new
rule, another person's involvement, a change in circumstances, or a change in available resources.
Goals are either short term or long term. Short-term goals are objectives that take less than a year to
achieve, while long-term goals are objectives that take a year or more to reach. Goals should be realistic,
but setting goals that are too easy might mean you are missing out on opportunity for growth.
SOURCE: PD:018
SOURCE: LAP-PD-016—Go for the Goal (Goal Setting)
92. D
Innovation. Innovation is something new, such as a new product, strategy, or process. It can also be an
improvement to something that already exists. You don't need to invent an entirely new product to be
innovative. Innovation happens when you rethink and reinvent. Invention is similar to innovation, but
invention usually produces “things” (although not always) that are the first of their kind. Because Simone
improved an existing system instead of creating something new, she demonstrated innovation. Integrity
means adhering to an established set of ethics and sound moral principles at all times. Intuition means
instinct or “gut feelings.”
SOURCE: PD:126
SOURCE: LAP-PD-126—Ideas in Action (Innovation Skills)
93. A
Yes, because they generated an original idea. Creativity is the ability to generate unique ideas,
possibilities, and solutions. To be creative, a person must be capable of looking at situations or problems
in new and different ways. Creativity does not require collaborative effort—many individuals are creative
on their own. Creativity is not limited to just the arts. There are many situations—in life, at school, at
work—in which creativity is necessary. Creativity is an important aspect of problem-solving and often go
hand in hand.
SOURCE: PD:012
SOURCE: LAP-PD-012—Imagine That (Demonstrating Creativity)
94. C
Marketing. Professional sales consultants work in the area of marketing. The marketing field includes
career opportunities whose processes create, communicate, and deliver value to customers and manage
customer relationships in ways that benefit the organization and its stakeholders. A professional sales
consultant does not work in management, administration, or finance, although these business areas may
use professional selling in certain instances.
SOURCE: PD:025
SOURCE: LAP-PD-025—Go for It! (Careers in Business)

2020 HS ICDC

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

30

95. A
Entrepreneur. Entrepreneurs strive to offer unique products to their target market. Entrepreneurs are
creative, take risks, have a vision for the future, and motivate others to work toward that vision. Most
importantly, entrepreneurs work to grow their businesses. Small-business owners focus on simply
running stable, secure businesses that generate income. Instead of always looking to grow and expand,
they are generally content to keep their business operations small. A manager is responsible for
planning, organizing, staffing, directing, and controlling the work of others in a systematic way by setting
objectives, formulating policies, and implementing procedures. Employees are people who work in a
business day-to-day and have little say in business operations.
SOURCE: PD:066
SOURCE: LAP-PD-066—Own Your Own (Career Opportunities in Entrepreneurship)
96. C
How much travel is expected? During an interview, candidates should try to learn more about the specific
responsibilities of the job—details that they might not learn from the job description. Asking about
expected travel is a normal, appropriate, and frequently asked question during interviews. Candidates
should know what the company does before entering an interview, especially because it is information
easily found through an Internet search. Bringing up paid vacation time and whether or not Internet
usage is monitored give the impression that the candidate is not trustworthy and more interested in
vacations than the job.
SOURCE: PD:028
SOURCE: Doyle, A. (2020, January 22). Best questions to ask the hiring manager in a job interview.
Retrieved January 30, 2020, from https://www.thebalancecareers.com/questions-to-ask-in-ajob-interview-2061205
97. D
A trade show. Trade shows are events where businesses display and/or demonstrate their products to
build sales leads and interest. Because many people in the industry attend these events, trade shows
provide networking opportunities and the chance to compare companies as well as learn about new
trends. A trade journal is an industry-specific publication. A trade association is a group of persons in the
same industry or geographic area who form a society to serve their common interests. A mentor is an
experienced worker who can act as a guide to new employees.
SOURCE: PD:036
SOURCE: Karimi, M. (2018, January 17). 5 reasons to attend your first service industry trade show.
Retrieved January 30, 2020, from https://www.smartservice.com/smart-service-blog/5reasons-to-attend-a-field-service-industry-trade-show/
98. D
Ask his supervisor for clarification. If you don't understand certain guidelines, don't be afraid to ask
questions—your supervisor would much rather you ask for clarification before a problem arises than after
one already occurred. Getting a new wardrobe would be time-consuming and costly, and it might not be
necessary depending on the dress code policy. Reading a company's handbook or manual is an
employee's responsibility, so Reilly would look unprofessional if he pretended not to read it or hoped that
the rules didn't apply to him without seeking clarification.
SOURCE: PD:250
SOURCE: LAP-PD-250—Do You Follow? (Adhering to Company Protocols and Policies)
99. C
Organizational goal. A goal is an achievement that you plan to fulfill. In this example, ABC Company's
goal is to be the largest and most environmentally conscious producer of bicycles. An objective is more
specific than a goal, including milestones or tasks that will help you on your way to achieving your goals.
Similarly, a strategy is a carefully designed plan of action. In the example, there is no mention of how
ABC Company will reach its goal. The example does not provide an explanation for the company
purpose or existence; instead, it provides a goal for the future.
SOURCE: PD:254
SOURCE: Norman, L. (2019, March 1). What is the business difference between objectives and goals?
Retrieved January 30, 2020, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/business-differencebetween-objectives-goals-21972.html

2020 HS ICDC

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

31

100. A
Top-level. Managers at top-level, or executive, management are responsible for the operation of the
entire organization. They are responsible for organizational goal setting and communicating those goals
to everyone else. Mid-level management is responsible for implementing the goals set by top
management. First-line, or supervisory, managers are concerned with actually carrying out the actions
and plans that middle managers identify. They spend most of their time staffing, directing, and controlling
and are generally responsible for the day-to-day activities of the employees who do the routine work of
the business.
SOURCE: SM:001
SOURCE: LAP-SM-003—Manage This! (Concept of Management)

