
1. What is created when the U.S. Supreme Court rules that a business activity is unconstitutional?
A. Federal agency
B. Common law
C. State law
D. International law
2. A good way to determine the most relevant information in a textbook is by
A. scanning the glossary that is located in the back of the textbook.
B. taking detailed notes on each example provided in the textbook.
C. reading the review questions at the end of each chapter or section.
D. memorizing each section's titles and subtitles.
3. Which of the following statements regarding company policies is true:
A. Company policies identify very specific employee actions.
B. Company policies and procedures are the same thing.
C. Company policies describe emergency measures.
D. Company policies identify general company rules.
4. Which of the following is a rule of good listening:
A. Be thinking about what you will say next.
B. Eliminate background noise.
C. Listen with empathy.
D. Stand as close as possible to the speaker.
5. Matt works in customer service and often has to deal with customer inquiries. Which of the following should he do if he wants to respond in an appropriate way:
A. Act disinterested while the customer is asking a question.
B. Answer the question immediately, even if he doesn't know the answer for sure.
C. Pay close attention to the question and ask for clarification, if needed.
D. Spend as much time talking to and answering the customer as possible.
6. What communication style is most appropriate to use when you are providing a friend with personal advice?
A. Empathic
B. Formal
C. Judgmental
D. Businesslike
7. Which of the following is a true statement about listening skills while handling telephone calls:
A. If you listen very carefully, you will not have to ask questions.
B. It is easy to listen while carrying on other activities.
C. Listening is a natural skill that doesn't require practice.
D. Being a good listener requires active-listening skills.
8. When Dale is taking notes during a staff meeting, he should
A. avoid abbreviations and symbols.
B. write his notes in complete sentences.
C. capture every word that is said.
D. organize his notes in a logical manner.
9. Which of the following is a guideline for developing effective written communication:
A. Be thorough.
B. Be repetitious.
C. Be wordy.
D. Be trite.
10. Which of the following is a formatting characteristic of a full-block business letter:
A. Double-spacing within the paragraph
B. No paragraph indents
C. Indented first paragraph
D. Paragraphs use right justification
11. One principle of good business-letter writing is to use
A. popular clichés.
B. long paragraphs.
C. clear language.
D. minimum organization.
12. What is an example of a written business inquiry?
A. A form describing an employee's performance review
B. A memo outlining an upcoming meeting agenda
C. An email requesting vendor pricing and discounts
D. A report summarizing annual financial information
13. A person who publicly tweets negative comments about his/her company is most likely to be
A. prosecuted.
B. laughed at.
C. promoted.
D. fired.
14. Penelope wants to use an interactive channel to communicate with her employees. Which channel of communication should she choose?
A. A phone call
B. A voice mail
C. A letter
D. A report
15. When participating in staff meetings, business employees should be prepared to
A. remain silent.
B. join in the discussion.
C. comment on every detail.
D. argue.
16. A disadvantage of problem-solving in groups is that it
A. decreases risk-taking.
B. decreases conformity.
C. takes more time.
D. hinders communication.
17. As employees go about their daily activities, their actions should be driven by whether the actions will
A. result in additional sales.
B. result in customer satisfaction.
C. bring them personal fulfillment.
D. be witnessed by customers.
18. What are businesspeople who fail to adapt their communication styles to appeal to their international clients likely to do?
A. Earn the clients' trust
B. Offend the clients
C. Impress the clients
D. Persuade the clients to buy
19. What is a factor that affects a business's selection of policies to guide its operations?
A. Nature of the business
B. Personal preferences of management
C. Communication skills of employees
D. Space available to display policies
20. Martha has been working with a customer on a printer purchase for the past 45 minutes. The customer has looked at all of the printers several times and still is not sure which one to purchase. With what type of customer is Martha working?
A. Disagreeable
B. Suspicious
C. Dishonest
D. Indecisive
21. During the sale, touchpoints should be designed to
A. get the customer's attention.
B. show the customer what benefits the brand offers.
C. resolve any problems the customer has with the product.
D. reinforce that the customer is making the right buying decision.
22. A transportation service makes sure that its trucks are well-maintained and driven with care. This is an example of a way to
A. conserve the firm's capital goods.
B. retrain human resources.
C. renew natural resources.
D. increase the number of capital goods.
23. The ultimate goal of all economic activity is
A. distribution.
B. production.
C. exchange.
D. consumption.
24. Whether prices go up or down, the relationship between relative prices does not change if the ________ remains the same.
A. ratio
B. value
C. market
D. resource
25. One way in which many businesses demonstrate their social responsibility toward employees is by providing them with
A. a stress-free atmosphere.
B. regular entertainment.
C. a safe working environment.
D. free meals.
26. The freedom to compete is a characteristic of businesses that operate in a(n)
A. independent society.
B. communist economy.
C. imperial political environment.
D. market economy.
27. The personnel office of a business carefully checks the background and references of its job applicants. This is an example of handling business risks through
A. prevention.
B. retention.
C. avoidance.
D. transfer.
28. A new business opened across the street from Heinrich's. It is virtually identical to Heinrich's. What type of competition is Heinrich's facing?
A. Price
B. Indirect
C. Strict
D. Direct
29. Achievement-oriented, emotionally intelligent people usually are
A. transparent.
B. prosperous.
C. motivated.
D. impatient.
30. Mary has been an employee at the Acme Company for nine years and has been having trouble motivating herself to complete tasks on time. Her supervisor feels she needs to develop her self-esteem through affirmations. Why should Mary write and use affirmations?
A. To carry 3x5 index cards around with her for a week
B. To daydream about being a superstar in life
C. To develop a positive aspect of her life
D. To know the difference between self-esteem and affirmations
31. An employee who is able to adjust to changing conditions possesses the desirable trait of
A. loyalty.
B. adaptability.
C. friendliness.
D. tact.
32. Marisa believes that she possesses the skills to make a positive contribution to the work team. Marisa is exhibiting
A. empathy.
B. ethical standards.
C. systematic behavior.
D. self-confidence.
33. Which of the following is a reason to avoid lying:
A. Lies can help you gain respect.
B. Lies are hard to keep track of.
C. Lies can get you out of trouble.
D. Lies may turn a bad situation around.
34. Bill punishes each of his staff exactly the same way when they break the rules. Bill is being
A. generous.
B. empathetic.
C. biased.
D. consistent.
35. Which of the following is an example of a limited decision:
A. Brushing your teeth
B. Buying a jacket
C. Ordering lunch
D. Getting married
36. You want to get straight A's and impress your teachers, so you consider cheating on tests to make sure you do well. You're facing an ethical dilemma because of your
A. desire to prove yourself.
B. conflicting values.
C. pressure from others.
D. bad role models.
37. Jon is constantly checking and responding to email during the workday. Because of this, it takes him twice as long to finish writing a report. This is an example of how
A. perfectionism allows people to better manage commitments.
B. organization leads to overcommitment.
C. commitment leads to professional success.
D. technology hampers one's ability to manage commitments.
38. Jennifer is a person who exhibits self-control in difficult situations. She always remains calm, is patient, empathetic, and a good listener. Her self-control helps her
A. avoid a factual response.
B. express a negative reaction.
C. have a positive attitude.
D. react in a defensive manner.
39. You should expect some criticism on your job performance because a certain amount of criticism on the job is
A. cruel.
B. tolerable.
C. necessary.
D. senseless.
40. Why should a business inform employees that their email will be monitored?
A. To reduce its liability
B. To communicate policies
C. To respect their privacy
D. To control operating costs
41. When the company president finished his speech complimenting the staff on their work and promising raises and bonuses, the staff members rose to their feet and applauded him. The staff members were expressing their approval through
A. sign language.
B. nonverbal communication.
C. animated conversation.
D. inappropriate behavior.
42. Individuals who respect their own personal rights, as well as the rights of others, have developed
A. passiveness.
B. defensiveness.
C. assertiveness.
D. aggressiveness.
43. The goal of quality circles is to
A. complete a specific one-time task.
B. improve performance in many areas.
C. solve a large organizational problem.
D. increase social contact among organizations.
44. Sasha is tempted to look up the answers to her homework problems. She knows she will not get caught, and she doesn't think the homework is helpful. How could you best help Sasha in this situation?
A. Show her why ethical behavior is valuable to her and others.
B. Report Sasha's behavior to your teacher.
C. Follow the rules and hope Sasha notices.
D. Tell Sasha that you do not approve of her decision to cheat.
45. One way to develop an achievement orientation is to establish
A. personal relationships.
B. flexible deadlines.
C. reachable goals.
D. safe conditions.
46. What should change leaders do after they're done leading a change?
A. Celebrate success.
B. Address resistance.
C. Explain why the change was necessary.
D. Create a communication plan.
47. When management and employees have the same idea of what the business is capable of being in the future, they are sharing a(n)
A. vision.
B. goal.
C. dream.
D. idea.
48. Calling in sick only if you are truly sick is an example of what type of behavior that builds positive working relationships?
A. Carrying your own weight
B. Getting to know others on your work team
C. Having a good attitude
D. Being cooperative
49. It is important to learn how to handle conflicting viewpoints because
A. it is impossible for people to change their minds.
B. other people's opinions are generally wrong.
C. you need to know how to convince others that you are right.
D. you will face conflicting viewpoints many times in life.
50. Which of the following is an ethical issue:
A. Deciding whether to have french fries or a salad
B. Deciding whether to lie to a friend
C. Choosing between buying a new shirt or a new book
D. Choosing which movie to see this weekend

51. Coins and paper money are types of
A. dividends.
B. contracts.
C. bonds.
D. currency.
52. Investing can help build wealth because it
A. eliminates the need to save for retirement.
B. guarantees that you will not lose any money.
C. doesn't require any money to start investing.
D. increases your savings over your lifetime.
53. The Fair Credit Reporting Act is important to consumers because it
A. provides guidelines that institutions must use in extending credit.
B. gives them the right to inspect the files of their credit history.
C. ensures that they are not denied credit for any discriminatory reason.
D. makes it easy for them to compare the terms of different credit systems.
54. What course of action can a lender take if a debtor's account is past due?
A. Claim defamation
B. File a judicial lien
C. Apply for bankruptcy
D. Liquidate assets
55. A government charges a $0.184 tax on each gallon of gasoline, regardless of location or price. This is an example of __________ tax.
A. sales
B. excise
C. estate
D. capital gains
56. When writing a check, what information goes after the phrase “Pay to the order of”?
A. Your signature
B. The amount paid
C. The name of the recipient
D. The current date
57. Why is it important to read and reconcile bank statements?
A. To balance an account
B. To calculate interest
C. To withdraw excess money
D. To make a deposit
58. Who is responsible for verifying that all the information reported on a consumer's credit report accurately reflects his/her personal transactions?
A. Organizations reporting consumer payments
B. Credit bureaus
C. Organizations that have extended credit
D. Consumers
59. Which of the following is a tool that often helps individuals organize and manage their mortgage, utility, and insurance bills:
A. Credit report
B. Scatter chart
C. Daily work calendar
D. Monthly payment schedule
60. Craig recently opened a new credit card account. Since he's short on cash, he decides to make only the minimum payments toward his debt each month. At the end of the year, however, he notices that his overall balance has gone up quite a bit. This is a result of
A. the cost of credit.
B. income tax.
C. social security.
D. Craig's credit score.
61. If Diedra wants to open a savings account to save money for her dream vacation, she should place her money in a deposit-taking institution, such as a(n)
A. investment bank or mortgage company.
B. savings and loan bank or investment bank.
C. commercial bank or credit union.
D. mortgage company or credit union.
62. Which of the following statements is true of good investment brokers:
A. They are an investor's personal link to the stock exchange.
B. Most of them are research analysts.
C. They are responsible for making sure the investor makes money.
D. They control an investor's money.
63. A manager looks at financial information to see if the company can afford to purchase a popular new item it wants to add to its shelves. This is an example of using financial information to
A. manage debt.
B. increase sales.
C. check up on the competition.
D. reduce expenses.
64. What type of accounting would most likely be used by a small-business owner who does not offer credit?
A. COD method
B. Accrual method
C. Cash method
D. Check method
65. When return on capital is positive, the company is
A. growing in value.
B. losing value.
C. low on cash.
D. paying out dividends.
66. If you want to avoid excessive debt, which of the following actions should you take:
A. Create a budget, and stick to it.
B. Avoid big purchases unless they're impulse buys.
C. Pay the minimum payment due each month on your credit card.
D. Use a credit card for purchases you can't afford.
67. When HR management executives participate in a company's long-range planning efforts, they are taking part in
A. financial analysis.
B. marketing.
C. budgeting.
D. strategic management.
68. Which of the following marketing functions focuses on informing all current and potential customers about the business's products:
A. Marketing-information management
B. Promotion
C. Product/Service Management
D. Pricing
69. To complete a report about commercial loans, Lola needs to review a specific online article called, "The Truth About Commercial Interest Rate Increases." Which of the following search entries will provide Lola the most accurate results:
A. [-the -truth -about -commercial- interest -rate -increases]
B. {truth_ commercial interest rate_ increases}
C. "the truth about commercial interest rate increases"
D. “{-the_truth_about_commercial_interest_rate_increases-}”
70. When evaluating the reliability of a journal article that addresses a complex issue or topic, it is important to consider the author's
A. expertise and knowledge.
B. age and expertise.
C. gender and age.
D. knowledge and gender.
71. Reese is writing a paper for his business class. He wants to include an idea he found in one of his sources. He rewrites the main points in his own words, making sure to attribute his ideas to the original source. Reese is
A. plagiarizing.
B. paraphrasing.
C. quoting.
D. summarizing.
72. A risk involved with information management is leaving customers unprotected from
A. high prices.
B. bad customer service.
C. identity theft.
D. faulty products.
73. What is the importance of the computer hard drive in a computer system?
A. It permanently stores the computer program files and data.
B. It facilitates the computer's audio transmissions.
C. It allows the user to view the computer data.
D. It transmits power to other computer devices.
74. Businesspeople often use the calendar applications on their mobile devices to
A. check their email.
B. obtain driving directions.
C. send text messages to clients.
D. track their appointments.
75. Dara is using Google to locate information on the Internet about her research report topic. She is using a search
A. machine.
B. engine.
C. technology.
D. group.
76. A business wants to purchase computer software that would store, manage, and retrieve customer information in order to better serve customer needs and increase sales. What type of software should the business buy?
A. Database
B. Spreadsheet
C. Word processing
D. Computer-aided design
77. The ability to quickly and accurately calculate mathematical data is one of the characteristics of a ________ software program.
A. spreadsheet
B. database
C. graphics
D. word-processing
78. Stella has just finished designing the web page for her new business. Next, she needs to select a _________ and register the website's ____________.
A. hyperlink, modem
B. web host, domain name
C. media permit, server
D. file link, ethernet
79. Because operations managers control so much of a business's money, they must focus on
A. keeping costs low.
B. hiring the best employees.
C. creating effective advertising campaigns.
D. generating publicity.
80. An employee notifying a government agency that the business is violating health and safety regulations is an example of
A. reporting noncompliance.
B. spreading gossip.
C. unethical behavior.
D. verbal communication.
81. One way that businesses maintain the security of data that they send over the Internet to clients is by using a software program that prevents a(n)
A. attachment from being included.
B. virus from being downloaded.
C. document from being forwarded.
D. search engine from being used.
82. What kind of dangerous situation might result if a new employee operates specialized equipment without having received prior training on how to properly use that equipment?
A. Personal tension
B. Mental stress
C. Physical fatigue
D. Safety hazard
83. One way that employees can help prevent accidents is by practicing
A. emergency methods.
B. first-aid techniques.
C. good health habits.
D. security procedures.
84. Which of the following is NOT an example of point-of-sale fraud committed by employees:
A. Accepting a check from a customer who lacks funds to cover it
B. Undercharging friends or family members for purchases
C. Overcharging customers and keeping the extra money
D. Using employee discount privileges for friends or family members
85. Why is it important for business employees to follow established security procedures?
A. To develop a healthy environment
B. To create a pleasant facility
C. To avoid the risk of accidents
D. To reduce the possibility of loss
86. The people who are impacted by a project in any way are called
A. workers.
B. team members.
C. customers.
D. stakeholders.
87. A project team decided to meet every week, but after a while, the members realized that monthly meetings would be enough. The project team is monitoring
A. budget.
B. quality.
C. risk.
D. communications.
88. Which of the following is an indicator that your project is a success:
A. It is temporary.
B. The team is challenged by the work.
C. It offers financial value.
D. It comes in under budget.
89. Centralized retail buying can become ineffective for a large chain when
A. purchasing responsibility is shared by buyers.
B. its stores are divided into districts.
C. all buying is carried out at one location.
D. its stores are located very far apart.
90. Which of the following actions would most likely be taken by an organized employee:
A. Having coworkers prioritize workload
B. Thriving on tight deadlines
C. Asking for help to complete tasks
D. Planning work ahead of time
91. Before trying to generate possible solutions to problems, it is essential to identify all of the
A. consequences.
B. rewards.
C. outcomes.
D. facts.
92. Laura has made a list of the things she most enjoys doing and the way she likes to spend her time. This list will help Laura
A. increase her level of ability.
B. improve her study habits.
C. measure her work skills.
D. identify an appropriate career.
93. Employees who arrive at work on time and direct their own work-related activities during the course of the day usually possess positive __________ skills.
A. inner-qualitative
B. self-conceptual
C. self-management
D. personal-orientation
94. Tia has many interests and doesn't know which career path is best for her. One method Tia can use to determine the best occupational options for her is to
A. develop a general interest questionnaire.
B. have friends and family critique her personality type.
C. complete an aptitude assessment survey.
D. surf the Internet for job descriptions.
95. Taylor works as a public relations manager. His career is in the area of
A. marketing research.
B. operations management.
C. professional selling.
D. marketing communications.
96. How do entrepreneurs develop their skills?
A. By training and continuous practice
B. By reducing their flexibility
C. By becoming an autocratic leader
D. By seeking little or no advice from others
97. What types of skills are extremely important for an applicant to use effectively during an employment interview?
A. Occupational
B. Communication
C. Management
D. Educational
98. A primary purpose of sending a follow-up letter to the interviewer after a job interview is to
A. ask for a second interview, if the first interview did not go well.
B. provide detailed information about your integrity and skills.
C. reinforce your qualifications and interest in the position.
D. request more information about the job's salary and benefits.
99. Serving as a volunteer in a specific industry or for a business-related organization is one way that individuals might obtain
A. guidance counseling.
B. monetary compensation.
C. technical training.
D. work experience.
100. Which of the following is a benefit that individuals receive from following rules of conduct:
A. Increased organizational communication
B. Protection from consequences
C. Less ethical guidance
D. Increased financial compensation

/////

1. B
Common law. Common law is law created by court decisions rather than through written legislation.
Since there are no courts that can overrule the U.S. Supreme Court, its decisions have the force of law,
including when it rules that a business activity is unconstitutional. This example does not depict the
creation of a federal agency, state law, or international law.
SOURCE: BL:163
SOURCE: LAP-BL-163—Laying Down the Law (Complying With the Spirit and Intent of Laws and
Regulations)
2. C
Reading the review questions at the end of each chapter or section. When reading a textbook, it is helpful
to review the questions at the end of the chapter because the review questions' answers typically indicate
the most relevant information or key points covered in the chapter or section. Taking detailed notes about
each example in the text is not feasible and may not be helpful in identifying the most important
information. The glossary defines key terms; however, the glossary does not put the terms in the context
needed to understand the text as a whole. Titles and subtitles describe the topics that are to be covered
in the text but do not provide detailed information that might be relevant.
SOURCE: CO:055
SOURCE: Education Corner. (2019). Strategies for reading textbooks. Retrieved August 19, 2019, from
https://www.educationcorner.com/textbook-strategies.html
3. D
Company policies identify general company rules. Company policies are rules made in advance by
management to assist employees in decision-making. They are typically general rather than specific in
nature and relate to the company's overall vision. Company policies also describe to whom the rules
apply and why they exist. Company policies and procedures are not the same; company procedures
provide more detailed step-by-step plans of how to carry out policies and processes. Company
procedures identify very specific employee actions, such as what to do in the event of an emergency.
SOURCE: CO:057
SOURCE: Difference Between.info. (2012-2015). Difference between policy and procedure. Retrieved
August 19, 2019, from http://www.differencebetween.info/difference-between-policy-andprocedure
4. C
Listen with empathy. Empathy is the ability to put oneself in another person's place. Listening with
empathy helps the listener understand the speaker's point of view. You should stand a reasonable
distance from the speaker. Standing too close may be interpreted as aggressiveness. If you are thinking
about what you will say next, you may not hear everything that the speaker says. Background noise
exists in all environments and cannot be eliminated.
SOURCE: CO:017
SOURCE: Lehman, C., Dufrene, D., & Walker, D. (2020). BCON (10th ed.) [p. 29]. Boston, MA:
Cengage Learning, Inc.
5. C
Pay close attention to the question and ask for clarification, if needed. When answering inquiries, it's
important to pay close attention to the question. If Matt wants to offer great customer service, he should
be sure to ask for clarification, if necessary. He should not answer the question if he doesn't know the
answer. He should show the customer that he is interested in his/her question. He shouldn't spend more
time than necessary answering customer questions—it's important to be concise when answering
inquiries.
SOURCE: CO:060
SOURCE: Means, T. (2019). Business communication (3rd ed.) [Lesson 14.1]. Boston, MA: Cengage
Learning, Inc.

Test 1211

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

14

6. A
Empathic. Being empathic is acting according to an intellectual identification with the thoughts, feelings,
values, attitudes, and/or actions of another person. It is often helpful to imagine yourself in your friend's
place, to try to understand how s/he feels. By doing so, you often gain insight and can better help your
friend by providing thoughtful advice. If you are too formal, judgmental, or businesslike with a friend, you
may come across as uncaring, and you may offend your friend.
SOURCE: CO:084
SOURCE: Lehman, C., Dufrene, D., & Walker, R. (2020). BCOM (10th ed.) [p. 29]. Boston, MA:
Cengage Learning, Inc.
7. D
Being a good listener requires active-listening skills. To be a good listener while handling telephone calls,
you need to learn to shut out distractions, put aside what you are working on, and focus on what the
speaker is saying. This is not a natural skill, but it is one that can be learned through practice. There will
still be times when, no matter how carefully you listen, you will have to ask questions.
SOURCE: CO:114
SOURCE: Lehman, C., Dufrene, D., & Walker, R. (2020). BCOM (10th ed.) [p. 29]. Boston, MA:
Cengage Learning, Inc.
8. D
Organize his notes in a logical manner. Effective note-taking is essential in school as well as on the job.
Regardless of whether you are in a university lecture hall or in a staff meeting, taking notes helps you
better remember important information and record facts, figures, and other details that may not be
available elsewhere. Notes that are organized in a logical manner are much clearer, more
understandable, and easier to read than notes that follow no form at all. When taking notes, it is not
necessary to capture every word that is said. Instead, you should focus on the main points and subpoints
of the conversation. It is also not necessary to write notes in complete sentences. To save time and
space, you should use abbreviations and symbols whenever appropriate.
SOURCE: CO:085
SOURCE: Vanderkam, L. (2015, May 14). How to master the art of taking better notes. Retrieved
August 19, 2019, from https://www.fastcompany.com/3046058/how-to-master-the-art-oftaking-better-notes
9. A
Be thorough. Effective written communication must be thorough and contain all the information necessary
for the recipient to respond or react. Effective written communication answers the questions of who, what,
when, where, why, and how. Recipients of effective written communication will understand exactly what
the senders are trying to convey. Effective written communication should not be repetitious, wordy, or
trite.
SOURCE: CO:016
SOURCE: Mulkeen, D. (2016, April 19). 8 top tips for effective business writing. Retrieved August 19,
2019, from https://www.communicaid.com/communication-skills/blog/communicationskills/top-tips-for-effective-business-writing-2/
10. B
No paragraph indents. Many businesses use the full-block method to format business letters. All
components of the letter (date, address, greeting, body, closing, signature block) use left justification,
which means all text is aligned on the left margin. Writers using the full-block format do not indent the first
sentence of each paragraph. Other formatting characteristics of full-block letters are the use of singlespacing within the paragraphs and the use of double-spacing between the paragraphs.
SOURCE: CO:088
SOURCE: Means, T. (2019). Business communication (3rd ed.) [Lesson 7-4]. Boston, MA: Cengage
Learning, Inc.

Test 1211

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

15

11. C
Clear language. A good business letter should present a message in plain language that is clear and
easy to understand. The message should be well organized so that it follows a logical sequence. A
combination of long and short paragraphs is more effective than a series of long paragraphs. Popular
clichés, catchy phrases, and slang are inappropriate in business letters.
SOURCE: CO:133
SOURCE: Means, T. (2019). Business communication (3rd ed.) [Lesson 7-4]. Boston, MA: Cengage
Learning, Inc.
12. C
An email requesting vendor pricing and discounts. An inquiry is a request for information. Businesses
often send emails requesting information from other businesses. Some requests might include product
pricing, membership eligibility, or shipping dates. A performance review, meeting agenda, and financial
report provide business information. The information is not an inquiry unless someone asks for
something.
SOURCE: CO:040
SOURCE: Roberts, S.J. (2012). Fundamentals of business communication (pp. 23-29). Tinley Park, IL:
Goodheart-Willcox.
13. D
Fired. An individual's "personal brand" on social media can either positively or negatively influence a
company and its ability to achieve its organizational goals. If an individual publicly tweets negative
comments about his/her company, s/he is likely to be fired, not promoted. Employees serve as unofficial
brand ambassadors for their companies, so it is important that they represent their company well at all
times—even online. An individual who publicly tweets negative comments about his/her company may be
laughed at, but it is more likely that s/he would be fired. It is unlikely that an employee would be
prosecuted for publicly tweeting negative comments about his/her company, since this behavior is
protected under free speech laws.
SOURCE: CO:205
SOURCE: America's Job Exchange. (2019). Don't tweet your way out of a job—It's easy. Retrieved
August 19, 2019, from http://www.americasjobexchange.com/career-advice/the-dangers-oftwitter
14. A
A phone call. Interactive communication goes two ways. There is a back-and-forth conversation involved,
like on a phone call. Voice mails, letters, and reports are considered static communication because they
do not involve interaction. If Penelope wants to use an interactive channel of communication, she should
call her employees. She might also consider talking to them in person.
SOURCE: CO:092
SOURCE: Roberts, S.J. (2012). Fundamentals of business communication (pp. 23-29). Tinley Park, IL:
Goodheart-Willcox.
15. B
Join in the discussion. For staff meetings to be effective, all employees should participate in the
discussion. The purpose of staff meetings usually is to discuss issues that are of importance to the
business, or to solve problems. Therefore, employees should join in the discussion rather than remain
silent because their ideas and opinions are valuable. Employees should not comment on every detail.
Employees should adequately explain their ideas, but it is not effective to start an argument with those
who disagree.
SOURCE: CO:063
SOURCE: Means, T. (2019). Business communication (3rd ed.) [Lesson 13-3]. Boston, MA: Cengage
Learning, Inc.

Test 1211

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

16

16. C
Takes more time. Group problem-solving takes more time than individual problem-solving because of
conflicting schedules, differing opinions, and more discussion. Group problem-solving increases
conformity and risk-taking, rather than decreasing them. Finally, group problem-solving increases
communication rather than hindering it.
SOURCE: CO:067
SOURCE: Burrow, J.L., Kleindl, B., & Becraft, M.B. (2017). Business management (14th ed.) [Lesson
13.2]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
17. B
Result in customer satisfaction. Making customers feel important is a goal of demonstrating a customer
service mindset. Customers should feel welcome and that their satisfaction is important to everyone
concerned. By focusing on the customers' needs, employees can increase sales and, in most cases,
bring themselves personal fulfillment. The customer service mindset should be practiced by all
employees regardless of whether employees have direct contact with customers.
SOURCE: CR:004
SOURCE: Means, T. (2019). Business communication (3rd ed.) [Lesson 14.1]. Boston, MA: Cengage
Learning, Inc.
18. B
Offend the clients. Businesspeople should try to learn as much as they can about a client's culture,
customs, and social values. By understanding and being aware of cultural differences, businesspeople
can adapt their communication styles to make a positive impression on their clients, earn their clients'
trust, and persuade their clients to buy. Businesspeople who adapt their communication styles are aware
of actions that a particular client might view as hospitable, as well as behaviors that the client might find
offensive. Offensive behaviors can hinder the ability to build long-term relationships with international
clients.
SOURCE: CR:019
SOURCE: Lehman, C., Dufrene, D., & Walker, R. (2020). BCOM (10th ed.) [p. 13]. Boston, MA:
Cengage Learning, Inc.
19. A
Nature of the business. A business's policies must be appropriate for the type of business. For example,
a policy that might be appropriate for an investment business might be inappropriate for a hardware
store. Not all business policies are written, and it would not be necessary to display them. The personal
preferences of management should not be a consideration. Employees who lack good communication
skills can receive training that will improve their skills in communicating policies to customers.
SOURCE: CR:007
SOURCE: Gartenstein, D. (2019). How to create effective policies. Retrieved August 19, 2019, from
https://smallbusiness.chron.com/create-effective-policies-14989.html
20. D
Indecisive. Martha is working with an indecisive customer because the customer is having great difficulty
making a choice or buying decision. A suspicious customer doubts or questions everything and may want
facts and proof before being convinced something is true. Dishonest customers intentionally attempt to
avoid paying part or all of the price for a product. A disagreeable customer is a client who is unpleasant
and hard to help because they are argumentative, complaining, irritable, moody, insulting, impatient,
and/or have a leave-me-alone attitude.
SOURCE: CR:009
SOURCE: LAP-CR-009—Making Mad Glad (Handling Difficult Customers)

Test 1211

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

17

21. D
Reinforce that the customer is making the right buying decision. During the sale, touchpoints should be
designed to reinforce that the customer is making the right buying decision. By this point, presale
touchpoints should have gotten the customer's attention and shown the benefits the brand offers.
Resolving problems with the product is typically something that occurs after the sale.
SOURCE: CR:001
SOURCE: LAP-CR-006—Share the Promise (Identifying Brand Promise)
22. A
Conserve the firm's capital goods. Capital goods are manufactured or constructed items that are used to
produce goods and services. Trucks that are taken care of will last longer. Adding more trucks would be
an example of increasing the number of capital goods. Natural resources are items that are found in
nature and used to produce goods and services. Human resources, or workers, are retrained to develop
new skills.
SOURCE: EC:003
SOURCE: LAP-EC-014—Be Resourceful (Economic Resources)
23. D
Consumption. The ultimate goal of all economic activity is consumption, which is the economic process
or activity of using goods and services. For consumption to occur, goods and services must be produced,
or made. Producers, consumers, and resource owners exchange money payments for the use of their
goods, services, and resources. Distribution examines how money payments are divided between
producers and resource owners.
SOURCE: EC:001
SOURCE: LAP-EC-006—Are You Satisfied? (Economics and Economic Activities)
24. A
Ratio. A ratio is a fixed relation in number or degree between two similar things. Therefore, if the relative
price of two items is cut in half or doubles, the ratio would remain the same. Value is the amount of
satisfaction that a good or service will provide a customer. A market is any circumstance in which buyers
and sellers exchange goods or services for a price. A resource is any item that is used to produce goods
or services.
SOURCE: EC:006
SOURCE: LAP-EC-012—When More Is Less (Functions of Price)
25. C
A safe working environment. Most businesses feel this is one of their most important responsibilities
toward employees. Few businesses provide free meals or free entertainment on a regular basis. It is
impossible to provide a stress-free atmosphere.
SOURCE: EC:070
SOURCE: LAP-EC-070—Business Connections (Business and Society)
26. D
Market economy. A market (free enterprise) economy is an economic system in which individuals and
groups, rather than the government, own or control the means of production. A characteristic of a market
economy is that individuals and businesses can use their skills and other resources to compete with
other individuals and businesses for scarce consumer dollars. A communist command economy is a
command economic system in which the government controls the economic system and does not allow
private ownership of resources and production. Imperialism occurs when one territory or country takes
control, often by force, of the political and economic system of another territory or country. An
independent society is a group of people who may or may not be involved in business activities.
SOURCE: EC:009
SOURCE: LAP-EC-015—People Power (The Private Enterprise System)

Test 1211

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

18

27. A
Prevention. Careful screening of job applicants is one way that businesses attempt to prevent risk by
hiring only competent and trustworthy people. In this example, the risk of having incompetent or
dishonest employees is not transferred to another business or person, retained by doing nothing, or
avoided by not hiring employees at all.
SOURCE: EC:011
SOURCE: LAP-EC-003—Lose, Win, or Draw (Business Risk)
28. D
Direct. Direct competition is the rivalry between or among businesses that offer similar types of goods or
services. Price competition is a type of rivalry between or among businesses that focuses on the use of
price to attract scarce customer dollars. Indirect competition is a rivalry between or among businesses
which offer dissimilar goods or services. Strict competition is a distractor.
SOURCE: EC:012
SOURCE: LAP-EC-008—Ready, Set, Compete! (Competition)
29. C
Motivated. Achievement-oriented, emotionally intelligent people are motivated. They have a strong desire
to succeed. They often set high standards for themselves so that whatever they do is evaluated in terms
of their goals. Achievement-oriented, emotionally intelligent people are not necessarily prosperous or
impatient. Transparent people are who they say they are and have nothing to hide.
SOURCE: EI:001
SOURCE: LAP-EI-001—EQ and You (Emotional Intelligence)
30. C
To develop a positive aspect of her life. Affirmations are positive statements about present or desired
strengths. These are things that you want to accept, incorporate, or develop. Carrying around 3x5 index
cards for a week would be unproductive if Mary does not write positive affirmations relating to her
development of motivation on the job. To daydream about being a superstar in life does not advance
Mary's self-esteem. The difference between self-esteem and affirmations is that self-esteem is the way
people feel about themselves, and an affirmation is a positive statement, or statements, that assist in the
development or improvement of a person's self-esteem.
SOURCE: EI:016
SOURCE: Sheridan, K. (2019). How to boost your self-esteem & confidence in the work place.
Retrieved August 19, 2019, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/boost-self-esteemconfidence-work-place-23101.html
31. B
Adaptability. This is the ability to be flexible and to change with the times. Friendliness means to display
good feelings toward others. Loyalty means giving steady support. Tact is the ability to say the right thing
in all circumstances.
SOURCE: EI:018
SOURCE: LAP-EI-009—You've Got Personality (Personality Traits in Business)
32. D
Self-confidence. Self-confidence is a positive belief in your own talents, skills, and objectives. Ethical
standards are the basic principles or unwritten rules that govern your behavior and help you recognize
right from wrong. Systematic behavior involves conducting activities in an organized, logical, and
methodical manner. Empathy is the ability to put yourself in another person's place.
SOURCE: EI:023
SOURCE: Mind Tools. (n.d.). Building self-confidence. Retrieved August 19, 2019, from
http://www.mindtools.com/selfconf.html

Test 1211

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

19

33. B
Lies are hard to keep track of. Honesty is the best policy. It's hard to keep track of lies, and they tend to
sneak up on you after a while. Lies may get you out of trouble or turn a bad situation around for a short
time, but, in the end, you will be in more trouble for lying. Liars lose respect, never gain it.
SOURCE: EI:021
SOURCE: LAP-EI-021—Make the Honor Role (Acting Responsibly)
34. D
Consistent. Consistency means treating everyone the same regardless of the situation or circumstances.
Since Bill treats all of his staff the same way, he is being consistent. This situation does not show that Bill
is empathetic, biased, or generous.
SOURCE: EI:127
SOURCE: LAP-EI-127—Fair or Foul? (Demonstrating Fairness)
35. B
Buying a jacket. Buying a jacket is a limited decision that is not made frequently and involves some
degree of consideration. Brushing your teeth and ordering lunch are everyday decisions that are
considered routine decisions. Getting married is an extensive decision because it carries a lot of risk and
a long-term impact.
SOURCE: EI:091
SOURCE: LAP-EI-091—Worth the Risk (Assessing Risks of Personal Decisions)
36. A
Desire to prove yourself. The desire to look good at work or at school can lead to ethical dilemmas. If, for
example, you want to prove yourself at school, you may be tempted to cheat on your tests. This is not an
example of being influenced by conflicting values, pressure from others, or bad role models.
SOURCE: EI:124
SOURCE: LAP-EI-124—What's the Situation? (Reasons for Ethical Dilemmas)
37. D
Technology hampers one's ability to manage commitments. Technology makes it difficult to manage
commitments because it is easier to do more—and to do more at once. Jon finds it difficult to focus on
getting one task done because of the constant presence of his email, prompting him to take on other
commitments before he finishes the first. This is not an example of how organization leads to
overcommitment, how commitment leads to professional success, or how perfectionism allows people to
better manage commitments.
SOURCE: EI:077
SOURCE: LAP-EI-077—Commit to It! (Managing Commitments in a Timely Manner)
38. C
Have a positive attitude. Self-control helps you have a positive attitude, which is very important to
successful living. Self-control helps you replace negative thoughts with positive approaches to problems.
In this example, Jennifer's self-control helped remind her that life may be full of difficult situations, but it is
also full of opportunities. Self-control helps people in difficult situations avoid reacting negatively or in a
defensive manner. People who exhibit self-control often are able to respond factually, even in difficult
situations.
SOURCE: EI:025
SOURCE: LAP-EI-014—Control Yourself! (Demonstrating Self-Control)
39. C
Necessary. Criticism is used by your employer or supervisor to let you know how you can improve your
job performance. It lets you know what you are doing wrong and what is expected of you. Constructive
criticism is not cruel or senseless. Fair criticism is not only tolerable but valuable and desirable.
SOURCE: EI:003
SOURCE: LAP-EI-015—Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)

Test 1211

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

20

40. C
To respect their privacy. Some businesses consider email to be corporate property and routinely monitor
the messages that employees send and receive. If a business monitors email, it should inform its
employees in order to respect their privacy. Employees have the right to know if someone in the business
will read their email so that they can decide the type of information they will include. They might not want
to send or receive personal messages if they know a manager might read their mail. A business that
informs employees that their email will be monitored is communicating a policy. Businesses do not inform
employees that their email will be monitored to reduce their liability or to control operating costs.
SOURCE: EI:029
SOURCE: Lehman, C., Dufrene, D., & Walker, R. (2020). BCOM (10th ed.) [pp. 90-91]. Boston, MA:
Cengage Learning, Inc.
41. B
Nonverbal communication. Nonverbal communication is forms of communication that do not involve the
use of words. It may include facial expression, body posture or movement, eye contact, and appearance.
In this situation, the staff members are using body movements to express approval. This is not
inappropriate behavior. The group is making an animated response, but it does not involve conversation
or sign language, which is a formal kind of communication method using signs to represent letters and
words.
SOURCE: EI:007
SOURCE: Lehman, C.M., & Dunfrene, D.D. (2011). Business communication (16th ed.) [pp. 47-56].
Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
42. C
Assertiveness. Assertiveness is a positive trait that is vital to personal happiness and career success.
Passiveness is the failure to exercise personal rights and a lack of respect for personal needs.
Defensiveness is an attitude of constantly expecting to be attacked. Aggressiveness is a negative trait,
and aggressive behavior is characterized by a willingness to ignore the rights of others and to exploit
them to achieve personal goals.
SOURCE: EI:008
SOURCE: LAP-EI-018—Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
43. B
Improve performance in many areas. A quality circle is a team of employees with similar roles who meet
regularly to discuss issues and solve problems. Quality circles stay intact from project to project and seek
to make improvements in a wide range of areas across the organization. Quality circles generally do not
seek to solve a large organizational problem, complete a specific one-time task, or increase social
contact among organizations.
SOURCE: EI:045
SOURCE: LAP-EI-045—Team Up (Participating as a Team Member)
44. A
Show her why ethical behavior is valuable to her and others. Many people ignore ethics because they
don't realize how important ethics are—and how serious the consequences of unethical behavior can be.
Sasha does not see the importance of behaving ethically in regard to her homework. To best help her,
you should make sure she understands why it is important to be ethical. She will then be more likely to do
so. You should not necessarily report her behavior to your teacher because Sasha has not done anything
wrong, yet. While it is a good idea to follow the rules, Sasha's belief that ethics aren't valuable likely won't
change just from noticing what you do. Finally, telling Sasha that you do not approve of her decision to
cheat wouldn't be as effective as explaining why ethical behavior is valuable.
SOURCE: EI:132
SOURCE: LAP-EI-132—Practice What You Preach (Modeling Ethical Behavior)

Test 1211

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

21

45. C
Reachable goals. Individuals who have an achievement orientation want to do their best and be
successful. One way to develop an achievement orientation is to establish reachable goals. Achieving
goals builds confidence and self-esteem and encourages individuals to continue achieving. If the goals
are unrealistic, individuals might fail, which often leads to giving up rather than trying to achieve in the
future. To achieve the goals, it is often necessary to establish firm deadlines. Establishing personal
relationships and safe conditions are not ways of developing an achievement orientation.
SOURCE: EI:027
SOURCE: LAP-EI-027—High Hopes (Developing an Achievement Orientation)
46. A
Celebrate success. Leading change can be a long, hard process. Change leaders should celebrate a
successful change with everyone who was involved. They should address resistance before the change
is complete. Explaining why the change is necessary and creating a communication plan are tasks that
should be done early in the change process.
SOURCE: EI:005
SOURCE: LAP-EI-022—Start the Revolution (Leading Change)
47. A
Vision. A vision for a business is what the business wants to become. Management and employees have
a shared vision when they have the same idea of what the business is capable of being in the future.
When everyone in the business shares the vision, that vision has a better chance of becoming a reality
because everyone is working for the same future. A business might realize a vision by setting several
goals to achieve. A vision is more than a dream or an idea.
SOURCE: EI:060
SOURCE: LAP-EI-060—Vision Quest (Enlisting Others in Vision)
48. A
Carrying your own weight. Calling in sick only if you are truly sick is an example of carrying your own
weight in the process of building positive working relationships. When you carry your own weight, you are
not making your coworkers pick up unnecessary slack. Although calling in only when you're truly sick
does not demonstrate getting to know others on your work team, your honesty does relate to having a
good attitude and being cooperative. The example is best, however, for carrying your own weight as you
foster positive working relationships.
SOURCE: EI:037
SOURCE: LAP-EI-037—Can You Relate? (Fostering Positive Working Relationships)
49. D
You will face conflicting viewpoints many times in life. There will be plenty of instances in your life when
you will be confronted with viewpoints and opinions that conflict with each other, including at home, at
school, and at work. It is important, therefore, that you learn how to handle them so that you can be a
successful student, employee, and citizen. Other people's opinions are not always wrong, and you don't
need to know how to convince others that you are right. It is not impossible for people to change their
minds.
SOURCE: EI:136
SOURCE: LAP-EI-136—Pick a Side (Considering Conflicting Viewpoints)
50. B
Deciding whether to lie to a friend. When you're dealing with an ethical situation, you're deciding whether
something is right or wrong. Often in an ethical situation, if you pick the wrong choice, someone (or
something) could be harmed. This doesn't necessarily mean that the issue must be life or death, but that
the wrong action could cause someone or something to be hurt. When you're deciding whether or not to
lie to a friend, there is a right and wrong decision. There is no right or wrong decision when you're
deciding what to eat for lunch, what to buy, or what movie to see.
SOURCE: EI:123
SOURCE: LAP-EI-123—Rules To Live By (Nature of Ethics)

Test 1211

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

22

51. D
Currency. Currency is the money that a country uses to buy and sell goods and services. There are
several types of currency. For example, coins and paper money are types of currency because they can
be used to buy products. Coins and paper money generally are used by individuals to purchase the
products they need. Bonds are interest-bearing certificates issued by the government that promise to pay
bond owners a certain sum at a specified time. A dividend is a sum of money paid to an investor or
stockholder as earnings on an investment. Dividends are often sent to the investor in the form of a check.
A contract is a legal agreement between two or more businesses stating that one party is to do
something in return for something provided by another party.
SOURCE: FI:059
SOURCE: Frankenfield, J. (2019, July 14). Currency. Retrieved August 19, 2019, from
http://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/currency.asp
52. D
Increases your savings over your lifetime. Investing can help you build wealth and meet your financial
goals because it often increases the value of your money over time. Investing does not guarantee that
you will not lose any money; however, if you invest wisely, it is unlikely that you will suffer significant
losses overall. Investing does require money to begin, but it does not require a lot of money. You can
invest as little or as much as you would like. While investing can be a good way to ensure your future
financial health, it does not eliminate the need to save for retirement.
SOURCE: FI:062
SOURCE: Caldwell, M. (2019, March 7). How to begin to build wealth. Retrieved August 19, 2019, from
https://www.thebalance.com/how-do-i-begin-to-build-wealth-2386145
53. B
Gives them the right to inspect the files of their credit history. This lets the consumer make sure that there
are no errors in the report or, if errors exist, to have them corrected. The Truth-in-Lending Act makes it
easy for consumers to compare the terms of different credit systems and provides guidelines that
institutions must use in extending credit. The Equal Credit Opportunity Act protects consumers from
being discriminated against when applying for credit.
SOURCE: FI:002
SOURCE: LAP-FI-002—Give Credit Where Credit Is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
54. B
File a judicial lien. A lien is a legal claim to an item of property that protects the seller if the buyer does
not complete his/her payments. If a debtor does not make payments as promised, the lender can take
legal action to obtain the debtor's assets or items of collateral, such as a home, car, etc. The debtor,
rather than the lender, may need to liquidate assets to fulfill her/his legal obligation to the lender. If the
debtor doesn't have any assets, s/he may need to file for bankruptcy. Defamation involves writing or
saying something that damages an individual's or an organization's reputation.
SOURCE: FI:063
SOURCE: USLegal. (1997-2019). Judicial lien law & legal definition. Retrieved August 19, 2019, from
http://definitions.uslegal.com/j/judicial-lien/
55. B
Excise. Excise taxes are specific, targeted taxes that are applied to specific goods and use a flat rate. In
contrast, sales tax applies to almost every purchase and is a percentage of the sale price. Sales taxes
also vary by state and by the type of item bought. Estate tax is imposed on the transfer of property upon
the death of the owner. Capital gains tax is charged on profits made from the sale of assets such as
stock or real estate.
SOURCE: FI:067
SOURCE: Fay, B. (2019). Types of taxes. Retrieved August 19, 2019, from
https://www.debt.org/tax/type/

Test 1211

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

23

56. C
The name of the recipient. When writing a check, the name of the check's recipient goes on the line after
the phrase "Pay to the order of." The amount paid goes on the line below. The signature goes in the
bottom right corner. The current date goes in the top right corner.
SOURCE: FI:560
SOURCE: Pritchard, J. (2019, May 14). See how to write a check—Step-by-step explanation. Retrieved
August 28, 2019, from https://www.thebalance.com/how-to-write-a-check-4019395
57. A
To balance an account. Reconciling bank statements involves comparing the entries in a checkbook with
the entries listed on the bank statement. This procedure is also known as balancing an account. The
purpose is to determine the actual amount of money that is in the account. To do this, it may be
necessary to add in deposits that have not been posted or subtract checks that have not cleared. If the
checking account pays interest, that amount will be listed on the bank statement. It is not necessary to
read and reconcile bank statements to withdraw excess money or to make a deposit.
SOURCE: FI:070
SOURCE: Ryan, J.S., & Ryan, C. (2017). Personal financial literacy (3rd ed.) [Lesson 5-1d]. Boston,
MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
58. D
Consumers. Consumers should monitor their credit reports because an error could be made by any
organization contributing information to a credit bureau. Monitoring credit reports is also helpful in
detecting fraud. Credit bureaus can help resolve errors on a consumer's credit report, but they are not
responsible for verifying all the credit information contained within a report. Organizations that have
extended credit or reported consumer payments can only verify transactions that involved those
organizations.
SOURCE: FI:072
SOURCE: Madura, J., Casey, M., & Roberts, S. (2014). Personal financial literacy (2nd ed.) [pp. 156165]. Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning.
59. D
Monthly payment schedule. Developing a monthly payment schedule can help individuals organize,
manage, and pay their bills on time. Computer spreadsheets, schedule templates, and calendars are
several effective ways to manage the bill-paying process. Regardless of the format used, individuals
should note the payee's name, amount due, due date, date paid, and the method of payment. If writing a
check, the check number should also be noted on the payment schedule. Individuals do not organize and
manage their bills by using a scatter chart, a work calendar, or credit report.
SOURCE: FI:565
SOURCE: Haagensen, E. (2019, June 25). Procrastinator's guide to bill payment. Retrieved August 19,
2019, https://www.investopedia.com/articles/pf/08/stop-paying-bills-late.asp
60. A
The cost of credit. When you take out a line of credit, you agree to terms and conditions that outline how
and when you will pay the money back. Most lines of credit have interest rates, which means that the
lender can collect additional money from you if you fail to pay back the loan by a certain time. By making
only the minimum payment each month, Craig's credit balance would have increased due to accumulated
interest. The increased balance would not be a result of income tax, social security, or Craig's credit
score.
SOURCE: FI:782
SOURCE: Vohwinkle, J. (2019, June 25). The true cost of credit cards. Retrieved August 19, 2019, from
https://www.thebalance.com/the-true-cost-of-credit-cards-1289627

Test 1211

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

24

61. C
Commercial bank or credit union. Savings and loan banks, commercial banks, and credit unions are
depositing-taking institutions. A credit union is a nonprofit financial cooperative set up to provide savings
and credit services to its members, who own the credit union. Commercial banks offer a variety of
services for consumers including checking and savings accounts, credit cards, and automobile loans. A
savings and loan bank is a financial institution that offers savings accounts and makes loans to
borrowers, most of which are for real-estate purchases. An investment bank is a financial intermediary
that underwrites securities and facilitates mergers. A mortgage company specializes in real-estate
(property) loans.
SOURCE: FI:075
SOURCE: State of Connecticut. (2019). ABC's of banking. Retrieved August 19, 2019, from
https://portal.ct.gov/DOB/Consumer/Consumer-Education/ABCs-of-Banking—Banks-Thriftsand-Credit-Unions
62. A
They are an investor's personal link to the stock exchange. Investment brokers are licensed and
registered "middlemen"—without them, you can't invest. Brokers are the only people who are authorized
to buy and sell securities, so they are an investor's personal link to the stock exchange. Brokers are not
research analysts. Research analysis is a separate part of a brokerage house where in-depth
investigation of companies and industries takes place. Brokers are salespeople—they get paid to make
transactions for investors. Brokers are responsible for providing suitable investment council at all times,
but this doesn't necessarily mean they're responsible for making the investor money. It just means that
the advice a broker gives has to make sense for the present financial situation. Good brokers realize that
the investor is ultimately in control of his or her own money. While a broker can make suggestions for the
investor to consider, s/he shouldn't pressure the investor into making any decisions.
SOURCE: FI:076
SOURCE: Beers, B. (2019, June 25). How to pick a broker. Retrieved August 19, 2019, from
https://www.investopedia.com/articles/younginvestors/06/firstbroker.asp
63. B
Increase sales. Businesses often want to add new products to their offerings as a way to increase sales.
They need to study financial information to make sure they can afford to do so. Adding new products is
not managing debt, checking up on the competition, or reducing expenses.
SOURCE: FI:579
SOURCE: LAP-FI-009—By the Numbers (The Need for Financial Information)
64. C
Cash method. Many small businesses that do not offer credit use the cash method because it tracks the
actual amount of cash that the business has on hand. With the cash accounting method, income and
expenditures are recorded at the time the money changes hands. Expenses are not recorded when they
are incurred but on the date that the bills for them are paid. The accrual method records the expense at
the time it is incurred, even if a check is used to pay the bill. COD and check are methods of payment but
not accounting methods.
SOURCE: FI:085
SOURCE: LAP-FI-085—Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
65. A
Growing in value. When return on capital is positive, the company is growing in value. When return on
capital is negative, the company is losing value. A high return on capital would not indicate that a
company is low on cash. Businesses can have a high return on capital but not pay out dividends.
SOURCE: FI:354
SOURCE: LAP-FI-007—Money Matters (Role of Finance)

Test 1211

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

25

66. A
Create a budget, and stick to it. The best way to avoid debt is to not spend more money than you have.
This means creating a budget and sticking to it! Sometimes big purchases (such as cars, houses, or a
college education) are necessary, but they should never be impulse buys. Big purchases should be
planned (and budgeted) for. Making just the minimum payment each month can lead to lots of interest,
which you don't want if you're trying to avoid debt. If possible, you should always pay off the full balance
on your credit card. Using credit cards for purchases you can't afford is dangerous and can quickly lead
to excessive debt if you aren't careful. It's a good idea not to charge purchases to your credit card if you
know you won't be able to pay for them when your bill comes.
SOURCE: FI:568
SOURCE: Irby, L. (2019, June 25). How to manage debt of any size. Retrieved August 19, 2019, from
https://www.thebalance.com/how-to-manage-your-debt-960856
67. D
Strategic management. When HR management executives participate in a company's long-range
planning efforts, they are taking part in strategic management. Strategic management may take into
account marketing, budgeting, and financial analysis, but HR managers will be present to ensure that the
company is planning now to have the human resources it needs tomorrow.
SOURCE: HR:410
SOURCE: LAP-HR-035—People Pusher (Nature of Human Resources Management)
68. B
Promotion. The promotion function focuses on informing customers about new products, improved
products, new uses for existing products, and special values on products. Businesses use a variety of
communication channels to inform customers about products including advertising and sales promotion.
The marketing-information management function focuses on gathering, accessing, synthesizing,
evaluating, and disseminating information to aid business decision-making. The product/service
management function focuses on obtaining, developing, maintaining, and improving a product mix in
response to market opportunities. The pricing function focuses on determining and adjusting prices to
maximize return and meet the customers' perceptions of value.
SOURCE: MK:002
SOURCE: LAP-MK-001—Work the Big Seven (Marketing Functions)
69. C
"The truth about commercial interest rate increases." When you place quotes around a phrase or title in
the search field, the search engine will show results only for those websites containing that exact phrase.
Placing a dash in front of the word means that you do not want the word included in the search. Placing
an underscore between words and parentheses around the phrase is less likely to retrieve the exact
results desired.
SOURCE: NF:078
SOURCE: Google. (2019). Refine web searches. Retrieved August 19, 2019, from
https://support.google.com/websearch/answer/2466433?hl=en
70. A
Expertise and knowledge. An important consideration when evaluating the reliability of a journal article is
the author's expertise and knowledge about the subject matter. Age and gender are not primary factors
to consider when evaluating the reliability of a journal article that addresses a complex issue or topic.
SOURCE: NF:079
SOURCE: University of Southern Queensland. (n.d.). Using the R.E.V.I.E.W. method. Retrieved August
28, 2019, from https://lor.usq.edu.au/usq/file/f9ec7f38-3676-4197-9e68c6739cba79b0/1/evaluating-researchresources.zip/content/index.html#/lessons/MOSKsWQL4Xa60zyzBsGNE188F7svvk4?_k=oxrdq3

Test 1211

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

26

71. D
Summarizing. Quoting, paraphrasing, and summarizing are all ways to incorporate another writer's work
into your own. Although they are similar, there are key differences among them. Quoting occurs when
you use someone else's text word-for-word. Paraphrasing involves using a section of the source material,
but putting it into your own words. What Reese is doing is summarizing—putting the ideas in the source
material into his own words but including only the main points. His summary will be much shorter than the
original text, since he's only including the most important information. Quoting, paraphrasing, and
summarizing are not the same as plagiarizing. Plagiarizing occurs when you use someone else's words
or ideas and don't credit him/her. That's not what Reese is doing, since he's being careful to cite the
original source. Avoiding plagiarism is very important, since it's dishonest, and it can have negative
consequences at school or work.
SOURCE: NF:080
SOURCE: The OWL at Purdue. (1995-2019). Quoting, paraphrasing, and summarizing. Retrieved
August 19, 2019, from
https://owl.purdue.edu/owl/research_and_citation/using_research/quoting_paraphrasing_and
_summarizing/index.html
72. C
Identity theft. A risk involved with information management is leaving customers unprotected from identity
theft. An information management program that does not use technology properly may put customers'
personal information at risk. Appropriate information management will not necessarily protect customers
from bad service, high prices, or faulty products.
SOURCE: NF:110
SOURCE: LAP-NF-110—In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
73. A
It permanently stores the computer program files and data. The hard drive is the component of the
computer's central processing unit (CPU) that stores the computer's program files and inputted data. A
sound card is a device that transmits sound waves through the computer so the user can hear audio
elements. A computer monitor allows the user to view the computer data. The power supply transmits
power to other computer devices (e.g., printer) so they can operate.
SOURCE: NF:084
SOURCE: Lacoma, T. (2018, March 19). What is a hard drive? Retrieved August 19, 2019, from
https://www.digitaltrends.com/computing/what-is-a-hard-drive-your-guide-to-computerstorage/
74. D
Track their appointments. Most mobile devices have calendar and scheduling applications that allow
users to set and track their tasks and appointments. Mobile devices also include Internet access to check
email, text-messaging functions to send text messages to clients, and global positioning systems (GPS),
which are navigational tools that help users obtain driving directions.
SOURCE: NF:005
SOURCE: Wax, D. (n.d.) Use your mobile phone to stay organized on the go. Retrieved September 4,
2019, from https://www.lifehack.org/articles/featured/use-mobile-phone-to-stay-organized-onthe-go.html
75. B
Engine. Search engines (such as Google, Yahoo, or Bing) find web pages that correspond to the
phrases, key words, or topics you enter. If Dara searches for her research report topic, she will receive
results that correspond to that topic. Search engines are not referred to as machines, technologies, or
groups.
SOURCE: NF:006
SOURCE: Kimmons, J. (2019, February 4). What is a search engine? Retrieved September 4, 2019,
from https://www.thebalancesmb.com/search-engine-2867354

Test 1211

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

27

76. A
Database. A database program allows the organized collection of information with pieces of information
related to one another. This information can be used to maintain, analyze, and combine customer
information. Spreadsheets, word-processing software, and computer-aided design do not perform the
functions required by the business.
SOURCE: NF:009
SOURCE: Chapple, M. (2019, July 10). What is a database? Retrieved August 28, 2019, from
https://www.lifewire.com/what-is-a-database-1019737
77. A
Spreadsheet. Spreadsheet software programs are designed to organize, calculate, and analyze
mathematical or numerical information. Businesses are able to enter mathematical information into rows
and columns, and the software provides accurate calculations in a matter of seconds. Database software
programs maintain information according to specific criteria. Word-processing software programs are
used to create text documents. Graphics software programs are used to combine text and pictures to
create visual impact.
SOURCE: NF:010
SOURCE: Masters, T. (2019, January 28). Spreadsheets vs. databases. Retrieved August 19, 2019,
from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/spreadsheets-vs-databases-53907.html
78. B
Web host, domain name. After creating a web page, the developer needs to post the web page through a
web host (web server) or Internet service provider (IPS). The web host may charge a fee to post and
store the web page, although some web hosts will provide the service free of charge. The domain name
is the business's web address. Internet users enter the web address to view Stella's website. Stella can
register her domain name directly with the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers
(ICANN). Or, Stella can work with her web host to register the domain name for her. Stella does not need
to register a hyperlink, media permit, or file link with any organization. A hyperlink (link) is the component
of an electronic document (file) that can be clicked on in order to jump to another place within the
document or into a different document. A modem is an internal or external computer communications
device that is used to transmit information over a particular medium such as telephone lines or television
cables. Ethernet is a local area network.
SOURCE: NF:042
SOURCE: Tester, A. (2016, December 21). Publishing your website in three steps. Retrieved August
19, 2019, from http://www.webhostingsearch.com/articles/how-to-publish-your-website.php
79. A
Keeping costs low. Because operations managers control so much of a business's money, they must
focus on keeping costs low. Operations managers are not responsible for hiring employees, creating
advertising campaigns, or generating publicity.
SOURCE: OP:189
SOURCE: LAP-OP-189—Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations)
80. A
Reporting noncompliance. Certain government agencies have developed health and safety regulations
that businesses are expected to follow in order to provide employees with a safe work environment. If
businesses do not comply with these regulations, they should be reported for noncompliance so the
necessary action can be taken to solve the problem and make the workplace safe for employees. The
goal is to correct dangerous situations and keep the workplace safe. An employee notifying a
government agency is not an example of spreading gossip, unethical behavior, or verbal communication.
In fact, the employee is exhibiting ethical behavior. Also, the employee may have notified the agency in
writing which is nonverbal communication.
SOURCE: OP:005
SOURCE: OSHA Education Center. (2019) How to report labor violations. Retrieved August 19, 2019,
from https://www.oshaeducationcenter.com/articles/reporting-labor-violations/

Test 1211

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

28

81. C
Document from being forwarded. Some businesses use software programs that help maintain the
security of data they send over the Internet to clients. These programs prevent documents from being
forwarded to others so the information does not end up in the hands of competitors. Also, these programs
prevent others from copying, editing, or printing the documents which helps maintain the information in its
original form. These software programs do not prevent a virus from being downloaded, an attachment
from being included, or a search engine from being used.
SOURCE: OP:064
SOURCE: Bartlett, M. (2016, February 13). Disable email forwarding in Outlook 2016 & 2013. Retrieved
August 19, 2019, from https://www.technipages.com/outlook-disable-email-forwarding
82. D
Safety hazard. A safety hazard is any situation that has the potential to cause bodily harm. Machines and
equipment can be hazardous to workers who don't know how to use them. Using specialized equipment
without prior training can result in possible injury to the employee or a coworker. Stress is a mental or
emotional feeling of pressure or tension. Fatigue is a state of mental or physical tiredness. Tension is
stress.
SOURCE: OP:007
SOURCE: Mathis, R.L., Jackson, J.H., Valentine, S.R., & Meglich, P.A. (2019). Human resources
management (15th ed.) [Lesson 14.3c]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
83. C
Good health habits. Practicing good health habits helps reduce the risk of carelessness, which commonly
causes workers to make errors that result in accidents. People who eat a balanced diet, get plenty of
sleep, and exercise regularly are more rested, alert, and able to concentrate on their work. Practicing
first-aid techniques, emergency methods, and security procedures will not help employees prevent
accidents, but they should be trained in those areas in order to properly deal with accidents once they
have occurred.
SOURCE: OP:009
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp.
564-566]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
84. A
Accepting a check from a customer who lacks funds to cover it. This is an example of customer fraud.
Even though the employee may follow all procedures for handling checks, the check may still be "bad"
because the customer does not have enough money in the bank to cover the check. An employee
commits fraud when deliberately causing losses to the business by overcharging and keeping the
difference, undercharging friends, and misusing the discount privilege.
SOURCE: OP:013
SOURCE: Clark, B., Sobel, J., & Basteri, C.G. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp. 682-683].
Tinley Park, IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
85. D
To reduce the possibility of loss. Businesses establish security procedures, which are activities that
employees should follow to protect the business from loss. These security procedures are intended to
reduce the risk of robbery, assault, and other violent crimes, all of which might result in a loss for the
business. For example, robbery usually results in financial loss. Employees do not follow established
security procedures to create a pleasant facility, avoid the risk of accidents, or develop a healthy
environment.
SOURCE: OP:152
SOURCE: Hudson, M. (2018, December 31). Shoplifting prevention 101: A guide to stopping retail theft.
Retrieved August 19, 2019, from https://www.thebalancesmb.com/shoplifting-prevention101-2890256

Test 1211

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

29

86. D
Stakeholders. Stakeholders are people who are impacted by the project in any way. Customers, team
members, and workers might be stakeholders, but they are not the only people who are impacted by the
project.
SOURCE: OP:519
SOURCE: LAP-OP-519—Plan On It! (Planning Projects)
87. D
Communications. Project teams usually develop a communications plan that they follow throughout the
course of the project. Communications between teams and stakeholders need to be monitored.
Monitoring communications includes making sure your planned communications are appropriate for your
project, such as the project team determining that biweekly meetings were more appropriate than weekly
meetings. This example does not involve monitoring budget, quality, or risk.
SOURCE: OP:520
SOURCE: LAP-OP-520—Check Your (Project) Pulse (Monitoring Projects and Taking Corrective
Actions)
88. C
It offers financial value. When it comes down to it, money matters. A successful project should bring
money in rather than waste it. Whether or not the team is challenged by the project's work does not
necessarily indicate project success. Successful project outcomes are sustainable rather than temporary.
Finally, projects that come in under budget can be successful, but not in every instance.
SOURCE: OP:521
SOURCE: LAP-OP-521—Making the Grade (Evaluating Project Success)
89. D
Its stores are located very far apart. Retail chains can grow so large that centralized buying no longer is
effective. To correct this, the chains switch to decentralized buying in which the country is divided into
districts, and district managers take responsibility to buy for district stores. Having buying carried out in
one location and giving purchasing authority to buyers of different lines help make centralized buying
effective.
SOURCE: OP:015
SOURCE: LAP-OP-002—Buy Right (Purchasing)
90. D
Planning work ahead of time. Planning work involves scheduling activities and making sure to have the
supplies needed to complete tasks. This helps effectively manage time, so work can be done at a relaxed
pace. Generally, employees who work at a relaxed pace do not make as many mistakes as those
employees who are rushed and work on unnecessarily tight deadlines. Planning work often leads to
greater productivity and efficiency, which means an employee is less likely to impose on coworkers for
help to complete a task or project on time.
SOURCE: PD:009
SOURCE: Downing, S., & Brennan, J. (2018). On course: Strategies for success in college, career, and
life (9th ed.) [Lesson 4-5a]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
91. D
Facts. This is a critical step in the problem-solving process and should be done immediately after the
problem has been defined. Conduct an inventory of the facts by making lists or diagrams. It is not always
possible to identify all the outcomes or consequences of a possible solution in advance. Solving
problems does not always bring rewards other than the elimination of the problem.
SOURCE: PD:077
SOURCE: LAP-PD-077—No Problem (Demonstrating Problem-Solving Skills)

Test 1211

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

30

92. D
Identify an appropriate career. In order to find out which career would be most appropriate for you, you
first need to know yourself. This involves identifying the things that interest you, as well as assessing
your skills, aptitudes, and other traits. Assessing your interests will not help you increase your level of
ability. It also will not help in measuring work skills or improving study habits.
SOURCE: PD:013
SOURCE: Jordan, A., & Crews, T.B. (2019). Investigating your career (3rd ed.) [p. 12]. Boston, MA:
Cengage Learning, Inc.
93. C
Self-management. The ability to control one's own activities, behaviors, and attitudes in the workplace is
often referred to as self-management. Employees who make a conscious effort to get to work on time
each day are engaging in positive self-management skills. Other activities that employees can control in
the workplace might include their ability to perform and produce quality work in a given time, willingness
to learn new activities, level of flexibility, and degree of workplace socializing. Self-concept refers to how
one views him/herself. Inner-qualitative and personal-orientation are not terms frequently used to
describe self-control issues as they relate to the workplace.
SOURCE: PD:020
SOURCE: Downing, S., & Brennan, J. (2018). On course: Strategies for success in college, career, and
life (9th ed.) [Lesson 4-5]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
94. C
Complete an aptitude assessment survey. Many people have a difficult time selecting a career path that
is right for them. Some people complete professionally developed aptitude assessment surveys to help
them determine their aptitudes and skills. By considering factors such as personality type, abilities,
interests, and learning style, a person can use the survey results to determine the career for which s/he is
best suited. Although constructive input from friends and family might help Tia in assessing her career
options, the information may not provide her with the objectivity and the detail she would receive from a
professionally developed assessment survey. Developing a general interest questionnaire and surfing the
Internet for job descriptions are not activities that will provide her with guidance in terms of her specific
career selection.
SOURCE: PD:023
SOURCE: Jordan, A., & Crews, T.B. (2019). Investigating your career (3rd ed.) [Lesson 3-2]. Boston,
MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
95. D
Marketing communications. Taylor’s career in public relations is in the area of marketing
communications. Marketing communications involves marketing activities that inform, remind, and/or
persuade the targeted audience of ideas, experiences, goods/services, and/or images. Examples of
marketing communications techniques include advertising, direct marketing, digital marketing,
publicity/public relations, and sales promotion. Taylor’s career is not in the areas of operations
management, professional selling, or marketing research. Employees working in operations management
focus on planning, organizing, coordinating, and controlling the resources needed to produce/provide a
business’s goods and/or services. Careers in professional selling involve marketing and management
activities that determine customer needs/wants and respond through planned, personalized
communication to influence purchase decisions and enhance future business operations. Marketing
research jobs focus on marketing activities that involve determining information needs, designing datacollection processes, collecting data, analyzing data, presenting data, and using data for marketing
planning.
SOURCE: PD:025
SOURCE: LAP-PD-025—Go for It! (Careers in Business)

Test 1211

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

31

96. A
By training and continuous practice. Skill is defined as the ability to perform a task that is developed
through knowledge, training, and practice. Entrepreneurs also grow by learning to be flexible and seeking
advice from others. Flexibility is the ability to adapt to changes as they occur. When entrepreneurs seek
advice, they exhibit open-minded behavior. Being open-minded is the ability to see different viewpoints.
Being open-minded and flexible are behaviors that successful entrepreneurs generally exhibit. Autocratic
leadership is a dictatorial style of leading in which the leader determines all policies, maintains close
control, and lets employees know only what they need to know in order to do the job. Possessing this
form of leadership does not necessarily help entrepreneurs develop the skills they need.
SOURCE: PD:066
SOURCE: LAP-PD-066—Own Your Own (Career Opportunities in Entrepreneurship)
97. B
Communication. Good communication skills will enable an applicant to perform well during an
employment interview. An applicant who carefully listens to questions, provides brief but concise
answers, and speaks clearly will make a positive impression on the interviewer. Proper body language, or
nonverbal communication, such as maintaining eye contact and having a pleasant facial expression, also
helps applicants interview effectively. Applicants with good communication skills usually are able to
favorably explain their occupational, educational, and management skills to interviewers.
SOURCE: PD:028
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp.
645-648]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
98. C
Reinforce your qualifications and interest in the position. It is a courtesy to send follow-up letters to
interviewers to thank them for their time. The applicant can use the letter to reinforce his/her
qualifications and express his/her interest in the position. This letter may also help the interviewer
remember the applicant. The follow-up letter should be brief—the detailed information should have been
provided in the application and résumé and during the interview. If the first interview did not go well,
interviewers do not usually ask applicants for a second interview. It would be inappropriate to request
more information about the job's salary and benefits in a follow-up letter. This type of information is
typically provided when the employer extends a job offer to the applicant.
SOURCE: PD:029
SOURCE: Means, T. (2019). Business communication (3rd ed.) [Lesson 15.4]. Boston, MA: Cengage
Learning, Inc.
99. D
Work experience. Many young people have limited paid work experience, and many of these jobs may be
in areas unrelated to their career goals. One way to obtain valuable work experience is to serve as a
volunteer in a specific industry or for a business-related organization. Volunteer work refers to activities
or tasks that a person performs without pay. Although responsibilities might be menial in nature, the
experience provides the volunteer with insight as to how business operates and what is expected of
employees. Volunteers usually do not receive monetary compensation, technical training, or guidance
counseling.
SOURCE: PD:032
SOURCE: Doyle, A. (2019, July 08). Volunteer to get valuable work experience. Retrieved August 19,
2019, from https://www.thebalancecareers.com/dream-job-timeline-2059455
100. B
Protection from consequences. If you follow the rules laid out by your organization, you will meet
expectations and be protected from consequences. Increased organizational communication is a benefit
that organizations, rather than individuals, receive from following rules of conduct. Increased financial
compensation is not necessarily related to following rules of conduct. Finally, rules of conduct provide
more ethical guidance rather than less.
SOURCE: PD:251
SOURCE: LAP-PD-251—Know the Code (Following Rules of Conduct)

