1. What principle states that laws, rather than individuals or governments, should govern society?
A. Legal precedence
B. The rule of justice
C. The rule of law
D. Legal jurisdiction

2. Before leaving for the night, employees of Double Scoop Ice Cream Shop are required to clean the counters, sweep the floor, and move leftover ice cream to overnight freezers. This closing process is an example of a(n)
A. procedure
B. contract
C. policy
D. agreement

3. Jacob was nervous about making his valedictorian speech, but when he stood up to walk to the podium, the audience cheered and gave him a standing ovation, which helped him relax and enjoy the moment. What was the audience doing?
A. Encouraging the speaker
B. Mocking the speaker
C. Exhibiting unprofessional behavior
D. Engaging in passive listening

4. What is an advantage of verbal communication?
A. People must see you to understand the intent of your message
B. You use passive listening skills to understand the message
C. Messages are written down and therefore documented
D. Tone of voice can be used to express emotions and thoughts

5. Governments pay for public services such as police protection, road repairs, and public education by
A. regulating the business cycle
B. mandating donations
C. establishing embargoes
D. collecting taxes

6. At the annual staff meeting, the company's sales manager announces that the bonus system is being suspended due to poor performance and profits. What communication style is the manager using?
A. Casual
B. Formal
C. Grapevine
D. Indirect

7. You have a customer on the phone who always ends up talking about their personal life for far too long. Today, they're telling you a long story about their recent vacation. However, you have several other calls on the line and tons of work to do. How should you handle this situation?
A. Tell the customer you're happy to hear about their vacation, but you have to take another call
B. Tell the customer you don't have time to talk about personal issues, so they should stay on topic
C. Transfer the call to someone else who has more time to talk to the customer
D. Talk to the customer as long as they want in order to appear more interested

8. A good example of a casually operated group is a
A. football team selecting a strategy or play
B. football team running laps around the field
C. few friends starting a football camp
D. few friends talking about football

9. When Vendela takes notes in her business class, she draws a line down her paper about 2 ½ inches from the left side. On the right side of the line, she records her notes from the class lecture. After class, Vendela reviews her notes and writes down key words and phrases in the left column. Vendela uses the __________ note-taking system.
A. mapping
B. Cornell
C. charting
D. key-word review

10. Which of the following are elements that appear in the heading of a memo:
A. To, job title, from, and date
B. To, from, date, and subject
C. Date, job title, to, and company
D. Company, to, subject, and date

11. When writing a business report, Thomas might check his writing and style manual to determine the
A. synonyms for common words
B. best way to set up tables using computer software
C. formal definitions of important terms
D. appropriate way to cite his resources

12. What is a technique that often helps businesspeople write effective business letters?
A. Developing charts
B. Consulting references
C. Preparing outlines
D. Asking questions

13. What is one reason why businesses write informational messages?
A. To develop memos
B. To prepare letters
C. To sell products
D. To identify customers

14. Which of the following is an example of a business purposefully using social media to promote itself:
A. A forum where car owners post mechanical repair and upgrade advice
B. An automaker's Instagram account showing the company's newest vehicles
C. An opinion blog about the best features of newly designed vehicles
D. Tweets about the superior miles per gallon by new auto owners

15. Which of the following is a guideline for employees to use in communicating with coworkers:
A. Use a direct approach in speaking to an angry coworker
B. Feel free to express their complaints about their jobs
C. Be sure to share rumors and gossip with their coworkers
D. Think about what they want to say before they say it

16. While Mark is presenting his status report during a staff meeting, Danielle has a question about something he says. What should Danielle do?
A. Wait until the next meeting to ask her question
B. Ask the question after Mark has finished speaking
C. Interrupt Mark so she can ask her question right away
D. Wait to see if another participant has the same question

17. What is an example of an employee reinforcing a service orientation through communication?
A. Selecting certain customers to help
B. Telling customers they are misinformed
C. Agreeing that customers are always right
D. Offering to find information for customers

18. "I buy only the most expensive brands" is a statement that characterizes the __________ customer.
A. disagreeable
B. domineering/superior
C. suspicious
D. slow/methodical

19. Why is it important for salespersons to listen carefully to customers' complaints?
A. To determine the reasons for complaints
B. To choose a company policy to follow
C. To make customers feel unique
D. To ensure customers' cooperation

20. Which of the following is an example of a post-sale touchpoint:
A. The product itself
B. Customer loyalty program
C. Advertising
D. Publicity

21. Which of the following statements regarding employees and company image is true:
A. Companies with dissatisfied employees have more positive images
B. Employees are a company's biggest brand ambassadors
C. Employees generally have no impact on a brand's image
D. Companies with satisfied employees have more negative images

22. Which of the following is an example of a resource:
A. Goals
B. Friendship
C. Dreams
D. Money

23. A business is exploring the possibility of accepting customers' bank credit cards as a means of payment for products. Which form of utility will the business be affecting?
A. Place
B. Time
C. Possession
D. Price

24. A manufacturer is a type of business that
A. sells raw goods for their producers
B. turns raw goods into useful products
C. does not make use of raw goods
D. keeps raw goods in their original forms

25. Which of the following economic systems encourages competition in business:
A. Communist command
B. Socialist command
C. Traditional
D. Market

26. Jill is waiting to find out how she scored at a dance competition. She starts to feel her heart racing and starts thinking about all of the mistakes she made during her routine, assuming the worst. Jill needs to
A. assess risks
B. stay calm and neutral
C. focus on creativity
D. ask questions

27. Government tries to protect competition by
A. controlling the prices of products
B. restricting the production of certain products
C. regulating monopolies
D. preventing all monopolies

28. The general economic growth of a country is supported by its
A. level of productivity
B. standard of living
C. gross domestic product
D. wealth of goods and services

29. Assuming that all people of a certain nationality will work long hours for low pay is an example of
A. harassment
B. discrimination
C. prejudice
D. stereotyping

30. A customer asked, "What ties would you suggest with this shirt?" The salesperson responded, "Let me show you some that would look wonderful with it." The salesperson is demonstrating
A. a negative attitude
B. interest and enthusiasm
C. boredom and indifference
D. extensive product knowledge

31. Tony likes to make his own decisions and act without influence or direction from anyone else. He can be described as
A. egotistical
B. dependent
C. insecure
D. independent

32. Part of accountability is
A. being fair
B. making judgments based on fact rather than opinion
C. treating others kindly even if they are different from you
D. doing what you say you will do

33. You don't cheat on your calculus test, even though your teacher isn't watching. You're showing
A. loyalty
B. integrity
C. empathy
D. transparency

34. In ethical dilemmas, someone (or something) could be
A. fired
B. promoted
C. respected
D. hurt

35. Which of the following is a strategy that can help boost your energy and productivity:
A. Powering through to finish all you have to do
B. Taking time to rest and relax
C. Quitting your job
D. Delegating all of your work to someone else

36. Which of the following is vital to the successful operation of a private enterprise system:
A. Production
B. Mechanization
C. Competition
D. Distribution

37. When Annette becomes angry while receiving criticism from her supervisor, she should
A. interrupt the supervisor so she can defend her actions
B. cross her arms
C. maintain self-control
D. avoid making eye contact with her supervisor

38. An example of governmental change would be a change in
A. highway speed limits
B. a person's occupation
C. the price of goods
D. the use of automation

39. Another employee is upset because of a reprimand from the manager. You listen quietly and then share how you handled a reprimand. You are demonstrating __________ behavior.
A. critical
B. indifferent
C. empathetic
D. impatient

40. Which of the following is a true statement about effective communication:
A. It is up to the sender to facilitate effective communication
B. Effective communication is a two-way process
C. There are very few barriers to effective communication
D. People rarely make mistakes when communicating

41. Behavior that is characterized by respect for personal rights as well as for the rights of others is __________ behavior.
A. assertive
B. passive
C. offensive
D. aggressive

42. Determine if the following statement is true or false: Anyone, regardless of the position they hold within a company, can become an effective leader.
A. True; leadership skills can be studied and practiced by those who are willing to learn
B. True; anyone can be a leader if they pass a leadership skills assessment test
C. False; only people with positions of authority in a company can be effective leaders
D. False; a company with too many leaders usually experiences chaos and uncertainty

43. An employee notifying a government agency that their business is violating health and safety regulations is an example of
A. spreading gossip
B. reporting noncompliance
C. unethical behavior
D. verbal communication

44. Even when people view a certain way of doing something as harmful, they may continue to do it that way because
A. they are competitive
B. they are innovative
C. it’s the best way
D. it’s easier

45. To effectively lead change, you must first
A. assess how others will view the change
B. point out why others' ideas are unacceptable
C. indicate why the change is necessary
D. communicate the urgency of the issue

46. Maggie owns an auto repair business. She'd like to be the best auto repair shop in the city. Is this a goal or a vision?
A. A goal. It's long term, overarching, and inspirational
B. A vision. It's specific, measurable, and time-bound
C. A vision. It's long term, overarching, and inspirational
D. A goal. It's specific, measurable, and time-bound

47. Which of the following is a skill that coaches need to master to be effective:
A. Communication
B. Management
C. Flexibility
D. Integrity

48. Workers who enjoy close supervision and specific instructions will feel most comfortable working under a(n) __________ leader.
A. republican
B. authoritarian
C. democratic
D. laissez-faire

49. Being exposed to different viewpoints can broaden your horizons by
A. allowing you to interact solely with people similar to you
B. decreasing your ability to communicate with others
C. helping you maintain your existing friendships
D. opening your mind to ideas you may not have considered before

50. Pablo follows the same ethical beliefs whether he’s hanging out with his friends, working on a group project, or working at his part-time job. Pablo follows ethical
A. situations
B. principles
C. problems
D. consequences
51. Coins and paper money are types of
A. currency
B. contracts
C. bonds
D. dividends

52. Generally, the value of money decreases over time because of
A. deflation
B. inflation
C. investment
D. recession

53. What is the key reason that credit is used so widely by consumers and businesses?
A. Credit allows consumers and businesses to purchase major products without paying for them
B. Credit allows new employees and new businesses to purchase items before income levels out
C. Credit allows consumers to stretch their spending beyond the actual limits of income
D. Credit allows consumers and businesses to purchase goods and services when they are needed

54. One difference between saving and investing is that investing
A. is not important for retirement
B. has less risk
C. helps you meet short-term financial goals
D. has a higher rate of return

55. In some countries, maintaining eye contact in a conversation is generally considered a sign of respect and engagement. This is an example of a cultural norm regarding
A. verbal cues
B. personal space
C. posture
D. nonverbal cues

56. When monies are withheld from an employee's paycheck to cover taxes and insurance, these funds are the employee's
A. credit expenses
B. gross earnings
C. net pay
D. payroll deductions

57. To endorse a check, the payee must sign their name on the
A. back of the check
B. signature block of the check
C. check's memo line
D. check's “Pay to the order of” section

58. Which of the following is the most effective way to avoid excessive credit card debt:
A. Choose a credit card with a high limit
B. Pay off low-interest credit cards first
C. Pay off your balance each month
D. Use credit card cash advances to pay debt

59. Which of the following is the most likely action that the government will take when a person misses the deadline for filing their income tax return:
A. Allowance
B. Refund
C. Extension
D. Penalty

60. If you don't have enough money to pay both your car payment and your credit card payment for one month, what is the best course of action?
A. Make the credit card payment and skip your car loan payment for one month
B. Make the car loan payment and skip your credit card payment for one month
C. Make the car loan payment and call your credit card company to arrange a payment plan
D. Don't make either payment and contact a company offering debt negotiation services

61. Kendra's financial goal is to build wealth over time by making diversified investments. Which of the following financial services providers is most likely to help Kendra achieve her goal:
A. Asset management firm
B. Mortgage company
C. Investment bank
D. Financial auditing firm

62. Certificates of deposit and collectibles are types of
A. investments
B. accounts
C. securities
D. earnings

63. A business wants to start selling its products in foreign markets. Managers study financial information to determine if the company has the resources to undertake this new venture. This is an example of using financial information to
A. plan business expansion
B. reduce expenses
C. monitor ongoing business operations
D. check up on the competition

64. Businesses use the information collected through the accounting process to prepare accurate
A. purchase orders
B. balance sheets
C. inventory forms
D. promissory notes

65. A manufacturing company wants to demonstrate to potential investors that it has good working capital management, so it should pay close attention to its
A. cash conversion cycle
B. capital budgeting
C. equity
D. assets

66. Because Joel stopped paying his student loans, creditors have started taking part of his paycheck to pay off his debt. This is an example of
A. repossession
B. wage garnishment
C. bankruptcy
D. debt consolidation

67. Which of the following is an employee benefit of effective new-employee orientation:
A. Labor agreement
B. Job satisfaction
C. Added competition
D. Increased compensation

68. What process involves all of the planning, pricing, promoting, and distributing activities that must take place to get goods and services to the consumer?
A. Marketing
B. Cognitive
C. Exchange
D. Importing

69. One way for businesses to obtain needed information efficiently is to
A. contact a competitor
B. schedule an interview
C. read a book
D. access a database

70. Which of the following sources is most likely to contain timely information:
A. A journal article about a medical breakthrough published a decade ago
B. A technical-trends report that was written on February 5, 2021
C. A stock table that appeared in a national newspaper on January 14, 2016
D. A second-edition history textbook that contains a 2010 copyright date

71. Which of the following is a downside of electronic information storage:
A. Information can be more quickly sorted
B. Files take up too much storage space
C. Too much information can lead to overload
D. It's more costly to store information electronically

72. Information usually comes in either physical form or __________ form.
A. verbal
B. book
C. note card
D. electronic

73. To use various software programs, a computer must have a(n)
A. internet connection
B. operating system
C. search-engine
D. task toolbar

74. Claire receives a lot of email messages every day. One client has sent her a message requesting some information that won't be available to Claire until next week. What can Claire do to remind herself to send the client the information when it is available?
A. Forward the message to her supervisor
B. Flag the message for follow-up
C. Place the client's name in her address book
D. Move the message to her spam folder

75. The advantage of using electronic devices such as smartphones and laptops to manage business activities and schedules is that they are
A. inexpensive
B. portable
C. indestructible
D. responsible

76. Which of the following types of computer software programs usually contain a thesaurus:
A. Word processing
B. Graphics and design
C. Presentation
D. Communications

77. What type of software would a business use to calculate the effect that charging higher rates would have on profit?
A. Presentation
B. Desktop publishing
C. Database
D. Spreadsheet

78. Arthur's boss asked him to study his company's sales data from the previous five years to see if there were any trends. After his research, Arthur presented his findings to his boss along with his predictions for the future. This is an example of the process of
A. competitive analysis
B. the selling process
C. data mining
D. customer retention

79. Health and safety regulations in business usually require businesses to
A. hold regular safety meetings
B. inspect office facilities
C. report workplace accidents
D. purchase fireproof supplies

80. Being enthusiastic means
A. showing up to work 10 minutes early
B. being engaged, excited, and dedicated
C. giving compliments to those around you
D. being pessimistic about the future

81. By using a software program that prevents employees from forwarding documents over the internet, businesses are able to
A. stop an incoming virus
B. track employees' email
C. maintain data security
D. control internal communication

82. Which of the following is one way that workplace accidents are costly to employees:
A. Lost profits
B. Lost production
C. Lost sales
D. Lost income

83. What is one way that businesses can prevent internal computer fraud?
A. Install electronic sensing systems
B. Use closed-circuit television monitors
C. Provide employees with specialized training
D. Hire professional security guards

84. Which of the following is an example of a security procedure that business employees should follow to minimize the risk of loss:
A. Memorize emergency phone numbers
B. Comply with local safety regulations
C. Know where first aid kits are located
D. Set alarms on doors at night

85. An effective way to prioritize work is to categorize tasks in
A. alphabetical order
B. order of their importance
C. numerical sequence
D. relation to enjoyment level

86. What do you do when you reach the ending point of a finished project?
A. Move on to the next project
B. Evaluate project success
C. Present your findings to stakeholders
D. Identify project resources

87. Why have some major retail businesses decentralized their purchasing operations?
A. Their buyers prefer to be independent
B. Their stores are geographically distant
C. They maintain a wider variety of suppliers
D. They obtain lower prices for smaller orders

88. Which of the following is an example of production:
A. Reading a new novel
B. Purchasing food items
C. Providing home security
D. Answering your personal phone

89. Which of the following is a way to protect confidential information:
A. Confidential information should never be printed out
B. Employees should discuss confidential information in public places
C. Confidential documents should be kept in locked cabinets or rooms
D. To avoid drawing attention to them, documents should never be marked “confidential”

90. Customers frequently form an opinion of a business based on their impression of its
A. profit margins
B. employees
C. creditors
D. inventory methods

91. Which of the following involves making a list of all the things that you need to accomplish:
A. Identifying activities
B. Prioritizing activities
C. Performing activities
D. Classifying activities

92. Setting suitable goals for yourself helps you achieve self
A. understanding
B. centeredness
C. importance
D. consciousness

93. Which of the following is the most reliable source of information regarding an employer's general expectations in the workplace:
A. Company policy manual
B. Interoffice correspondence
C. Coworkers
D. Company website

94. Which of the following sources would best help a high school student learn more about potential careers in their region or state:
A. Employees in the desired field
B. Tax preparation centers
C. Town visitor information booths
D. Retired relatives

95. An individual who wants to pursue a career in the marketing segment of business might obtain an entry-level position as a(n)
A. junior bookkeeper
B. customer service representative
C. apprentice plant manager
D. assistant office supervisor

96. Which of the following is a financial concern that entrepreneurs often face when starting new businesses:
A. Long working hours
B. Irregular paychecks
C. Shorter vacations
D. Lower production standards

97. Offering to provide additional information after a job interview is often the function of a(n)
A. phone call
B. follow-up letter
C. handwritten note
D. email question

98. Under what circumstances would it be appropriate for a person to send a letter of application to a business?
A. When responding to a request for information
B. When completing an application form
C. When submitting educational transcripts
D. When acting on a referred job lead

99. An employer might promote an employee who has seniority because the employee
A. works with other people on a regular basis
B. completes certain projects ahead of schedule
C. has a proven record of accomplishments
D. expresses an interest in technology

100. What tends to increase when all employees follow the company's rules of conduct?
A. Laissez-faire leadership
B. Organizational cohesiveness
C. Subculture power conflicts
D. Inflexible attitudes

/////

1. C
The rule of law. The legal and philosophical principle of the rule of law explains that laws, rather than
individuals or governments, should govern society. The law exists to serve, represent the interests of,
and protect the rights of all people, rather than just those in power. It is meant to apply equally to
everyone and to maintain order in society. The rule of justice, legal precedence, and legal jurisdiction are
not related to this concept.
SOURCE: BL:163 Comply with the spirit and intent of laws and regulations
SOURCE: LAP-BL-163—Laying Down the Law (Complying With the Spirit and Intent of Laws and
Regulations)
2. A
Procedure. A procedure is a step-by-step process that personnel must follow in performing a specific
task. Procedures and policies are similar but not the same. Procedures outline step-by-step processes,
while policies are more general. A policy is any guideline that explains how employees are to act. The
closing process of Double Scoop Ice Cream Shop is an example of a procedure, not a policy, contract, or
agreement.
SOURCE: CO:057 Analyze company resources to ascertain policies and procedures
SOURCE: Difference Between. (2021). Difference between policy and procedure. Retrieved October 7,
2021, from https://www.differencebetween.info/difference-between-policy-and-procedure
3. A
Encouraging the speaker. In many cultures, a standing ovation is the ultimate show of support for a
speaker. It indicates the audience's respect for the speaker and its desire to hear what the speaker has
to say. Because cheering provides positive feedback, the audience was not mocking or insulting the
speaker. Some cultures might view the audience's behavior as unruly or disrespectful; however, this
situation involves a school event, rather than a business event, so the audience isn't exhibiting
unprofessional behavior. Because Jacob has not started speaking, the audience is not actively or
passively listening to what he is saying.
SOURCE: CO:082 Explain communication techniques that support and encourage a speaker
SOURCE: Robinson, L., Segal, J., & Smith, M. (2020, October). Effective communication. Retrieved
October 6, 2021, from https://www.helpguide.org/articles/relationshipscommunication/effective-communication.htm
4. D
Tone of voice can be used to express emotions and thoughts. This means that people communicating
verbally can show their interest and enthusiasm by what they say and how they say it. Messages
delivered via verbal communication are not written down. Although body language conveys intent, people
can communicate how they feel through their choice of words, so people do not need to see you to
understand your message. A key element of verbal communication is active, not passive, listening.
SOURCE: CO:147 Explain the nature of effective verbal communications
SOURCE: The Business Communication. (2013-2021). Advantages and disadvantages of oral
communication. Retrieved October 6, 2021, from
https://thebusinesscommunication.com/advantages-and-disadvantages-of-oralcommunication/
5. D
Collecting taxes. All levels of government collect taxes from individuals and businesses. The taxes are
used to pay for different types of public services such as police protection, road repairs, and public
education. Donations are given rather than mandated. Embargoes are actions that suspend trade with
another country and are used for political reasons or during hostilities. Government policies are one of
many factors that influence the ebb and flow of the business cycle; however, there are aspects of the
business cycle that cannot be regulated.
SOURCE: FI:067 Explain the nature of tax liabilities
SOURCE: Scott, K. (2017, July 27). What is the purpose of imposing taxes? Retrieved October 7, 2021,
from https://pocketsense.com/purpose-imposing-taxes-5782868.html

Test 1258

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

11

6. B
Formal. Formal communication generally takes place through established communication channels within
a company's structure, like a staff meeting. It often involves serious topics such as pay changes with
employees. Casual or informal communication often involves routine business discussions or personal or
social topics and takes place outside of typical work activities. Grapevine communication is unofficial
information passed from one person to another in writing or through conversation. Indirect
communication involves passing information through intermediaries. For example, this type of
communication occurs when a businessperson receives an email message from one person and
forwards the same message to another person.
SOURCE: CO:084 Employ communication styles appropriate to target audience
SOURCE: Kokemuller, N. (n.d.). Formal & informal business communication. Retrieved October 6,
2021, from https://yourbusiness.azcentral.com/formal-informal-business-communication1055.html
7. A
Tell the customer you're happy to hear about their vacation, but you have to take another call. It's
important to be as professional and polite as possible, even if a talkative caller is taking up too much of
your work time. By saying something courteous yet assertive, like, "I'm happy to hear about your
vacation, but I have to take another call now," you're letting the caller know that you appreciate their
personal stories but that you also have work to do. This customer brings money to your business, so you
don't want to be rude or risk offending them. You shouldn't tell the customer that you don't have time for
them, even if they're just telling personal stories. You also shouldn't transfer the call to another person as
that would be considered rude both to the customer and your coworker. Although it's important to sound
interested when you're talking to a customer, you shouldn't talk to them for too long, especially not if you
have important work to do. It's necessary to strike a good balance between making a customer
connection and asserting yourself.
SOURCE: CO:114 Handle telephone calls in a businesslike manner
SOURCE: Bucki, J. (2019, November 20). How to end a business phone call. Retrieved October 7,
2021, from https://www.thebalance.com/end-phone-calls-professionally-2533712
8. D
Few friends talking about football. If the group's purpose is to give and find out opinions, the way the
group operates is casual. No real "rules" exist beyond the normal standards of common courtesy. When
football players run laps during practice, they are likely operating under the direction of their coach. In a
similar way, selecting a strategy or play or starting a football camp may require a more formal group
discussion.
SOURCE: CO:053 Participate in group discussions
SOURCE: LAP-QS-029—Put In Your Two Cents (Participating in Group Discussions)
9. B
Cornell. The Cornell note-taking system uses two columns; on the right-hand side, students take notes
during class (or while reading class materials). Afterwards, students review their notes and write
significant words or phrases in the left-hand column. These key words help students study. Mapping and
charting are methods of note-taking, but they are not illustrated in Vendela's example. Key-word review
note-taking is not a term used to describe a method of note-taking.
SOURCE: CO:085 Utilize note-taking strategies
SOURCE: GoodNotes. (2018, May 9). The best note-taking methods for college students. Retrieved
October 6, 2021, from https://medium.goodnotes.com/the-best-note-taking-methods-forcollege-students-451f412e264e
10. B
To, from, date, and subject. When writing a memo, businesspeople place a heading at the top of the
page to indicate who the letter is to, who the letter is from, what the message is about, and the date the
message was written. The company's name and the employee's job title do not always appear in the
heading.
SOURCE: CO:088 Select and utilize appropriate formats for professional writing
SOURCE: Purdue Online Writing Lab. (2021). Parts of a memo. Retrieved October 6, 2021, from
https://owl.purdue.edu/owl/subject_specific_writing/professional_technical_writing/memos/pa
rts_of_a_memo.html

Test 1258

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

12

11. D
Appropriate way to cite his resources. To provide consistency throughout written documents, certain
businesses or industries often follow a specific writing style, such as the Associated Press (AP)
Stylebook or Chicago Manual of Style (CMOS). Because each style manual varies and often follows
different standards, a writer should check the appropriate style manual to ensure they are formatting a
resource citation correctly. A computer software manual, the computer software "help" function, or a
computer software website provides information about setting up tables in documents. A dictionary or
glossary provides formal definitions of words. A thesaurus provides synonyms for words.
SOURCE: CO:089 Edit and revise written work consistent with professional standards
SOURCE: California State University, Los Angeles. (2020, August 6). About citing & style manuals.
Retrieved October 6, 2021, from https://libguides.calstatela.edu/style
12. C
Preparing outlines. Businesspeople often are expected to write business letters on a regular basis. One
technique that helps them write effective business letters is to first prepare an outline. An outline is a
general plan giving only the main points to be covered. Preparing an outline helps businesspeople decide
exactly what they want to say in the letter and to organize their thoughts. Businesspeople then can use
the outlines to write effective letters. Businesspeople usually do not ask questions, consult references, or
develop charts to write effective business letters.
SOURCE: CO:133 Write business letters
SOURCE: Rutgers Learning Centers. (2020). The importance of outlining. Retrieved October 6, 2021,
from https://rlc.rutgers.edu/news/importance-outlining
13. C
To sell products. One reason why businesses write informational messages is to sell products to
customers. Businesses often develop sales letters that explain their goods and services and send these
letters to prospective or current customers. The sales letters include important information about the
business and its products and are intended to encourage customers to buy. Letters and memos are types
of informational messages. Businesses identify customers before sending them informational messages.
SOURCE: CO:039 Write informational messages
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp.
468-470]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
14. B
An automaker's Instagram account showing the company's newest vehicles. Businesses often use their
Instagram accounts, a form of social media, to promote themselves. An automaker, for example, can
advertise its newest vehicles on its Instagram account. While repair and upgrade advice posted by car
owners, favorable tweets, and positive opinions on blogs may benefit the auto manufacturer, the
business isn't purposely using those social media to promote itself.
SOURCE: CO:206 Distinguish between using social media for business and personal purposes
SOURCE: Arens, W.F., Weigold, M.F., & Arens, C. (2013). Contemporary advertising (pp. 530-535).
New York: McGraw-Hill/Irwin.
15. D
Think about what they want to say before they say it. Employees should be able to express themselves
to their coworkers. However, they should always think about what they want to say before saying it so
that they do not cause problems or misunderstandings. Legitimate complaints or problems about the job
should be discussed with the supervisor, not coworkers. Rumors and gossip should not be passed on to
coworkers as they may not be true and could cause harm. A nondirective approach is best in
communicating with angry coworkers as it helps defuse their anger.
SOURCE: CO:014 Explain the nature of staff communication
SOURCE: Colan, L. (2014, March 26). T.H.I.N.K. before you speak. Retrieved October 6, 2021, from
https://www.inc.com/lee-colan/think-before-you-speak.html

Test 1258

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

13

16. B
Ask the question after Mark has finished speaking. Speakers often ask other meeting participants if they
have questions after they finish their presentations. Therefore, Danielle should ask her question after
Mark finishes his presentation, when he asks if anyone has questions. Interrupting Mark while he is
speaking to ask a question is disruptive and rude. Other meeting participants may not think of the same
question that Danielle has, so she should not rely on others to ask the question. Danielle should not wait
until the next meeting, because the information Mark provides may be outdated or forgotten by that point.
SOURCE: CO:063 Participate in a staff meeting
SOURCE: Means, T. (2019). Business communication (3rd ed.) [Lesson 1.2]. Boston, MA: Cengage
Learning, Inc.
17. D
Offering to find information for customers. Employees often need to communicate information to
customers to provide service. On occasion, employees may not know the answer to a customer's
question; but, instead of saying they do not know, they should offer to find out. Obtaining information for
customers is an effective way of reinforcing a service orientation through communication. Employees
should help all customers rather than be selective about whom they serve. Employees should never tell
customers that they are misinformed. Employees should be tactful when dealing with complaints because
customers are not always right.
SOURCE: CR:005 Reinforce service orientation through communication
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp.
547-548]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
18. B
Domineering/Superior. Domineering/Superior customers often appear overly self-confident and pushy by
boasting about their purchases. Since these customers usually know what they want, they convince or
sell themselves. Disagreeable customers are unpleasant and hard to help because they are
argumentative, complaining, irritable, moody, insulting, impatient, and/or have a leave-me-alone attitude.
Suspicious customers question everything and want facts and proof before being convinced to buy.
Slow/Methodical customers require a lot of time to make a purchase because of difficulty in making a
choice or buying decision.
SOURCE: CR:009 Handle difficult customers
SOURCE: LAP-CR-009—Making Mad Glad (Handling Difficult Customers)
19. A
To determine the reasons for complaints. Listening attentively to customers as they express their
complaints will help you identify the reasons for the complaints, which is the first step in solving the
problem. It also helps put the customer in a good frame of mind, which may make handling the complaint
easier. Since customers expect employees to listen to their complaints, listening would not make the
customer feel unique. Listening will not ensure the customer's cooperation with the recommended
resolution of the complaint. The salesperson should follow established policy rather than choosing a
policy for handling the situation.
SOURCE: CR:010 Handle customer/client complaints
SOURCE: Patel, S. (2021, July 30). What are customer complaints? Why are they important for
business? Retrieved October 6, 2021, from https://www.revechat.com/blog/importancecustomer-complaints-business/
20. B
Customer loyalty program. A customer loyalty program is an example of a post-sale touchpoint. It's one
way for businesses to keep in touch with customers and build brand loyalty. The product itself is
considered a during-the-sale touchpoint. Advertising and publicity are generally considered presale
touchpoints.
SOURCE: CR:001 Identify company's brand promise
SOURCE: LAP-CR-001—Share the Promise (Identifying Brand Promise)

Test 1258

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

14

21. B
Employees are a company's biggest brand ambassadors. Employees have a huge impact on a
company's public image. Generally, employees who are satisfied with their jobs are more likely to have a
positive effect on company image, while employees who are dissatisfied are more likely to have a
negative effect.
SOURCE: CR:002 Determine ways of reinforcing the company's image through employee performance
SOURCE: Nagel, M. (2013, November 23). How are your employees affecting your brand? Retrieved
October 6, 2021, from https://www.huffpost.com/entry/employee-engagement_b_3956204
22. D
Money. A resource is any item that can be used to produce goods and services; therefore, money is a
resource, while dreams, goals, and friendship are not resources. Examples of other resources are land,
workers, equipment, and buildings.
SOURCE: EC:001 Describe the concepts of economics and economic activities
SOURCE: LAP-EC-901—Are You Satisfied? (Economics and Economic Activities)
23. C
Possession. Possession utility is usefulness created when ownership of a product is transferred from
seller to user. The use of bank credit cards will make it easier for customers to purchase products. Time
and place utility deal with having a product available when and where it is desired by the customer. Price
is not a form of utility.
SOURCE: EC:004 Determine economic utilities created by business activities
SOURCE: LAP-EC-013—Use It (Economic Utility)
24. B
Turns raw goods into useful products. The manufacturer changes the shapes or forms of raw goods so
that they will be useful to consumers. Manufacturers buy raw goods from their producers and sell finished
products.
SOURCE: EC:070 Explain the role of business in society
SOURCE: LAP-EC-070—Business Connections (Business and Society)
25. D
Market. A market economy is an economic system in which the means of production and distribution are
owned and controlled by individuals and businesses. The government's role in business includes
protecting private property, preserving law and order, and supporting a competitive trade environment. In
socialism, competition is limited because the government owns most of the major industries. Competition
is not allowed in communism because the government owns all the means of production and distribution.
In a traditional economy, people produce only what they must have to exist.
SOURCE: EC:007 Explain the types of economic systems
SOURCE: LAP-EC-017—Who's the Boss? (Economic Systems)
26. B
Stay calm and neutral. Keeping yourself in the right frame of mind is essential to tolerating ambiguity. If
Jill is starting to feel stressed or panicked, she should take a moment to breathe deeply and relax. That
way, she can try to halt her negative thinking. Assessing risks, focusing on creativity, and asking
questions would not necessarily help Jill in this situation.
SOURCE: EI:092 Develop tolerance for ambiguity
SOURCE: LAP-EI-092—Embrace the Unknown (Developing a Tolerance for Ambiguity)
27. C
Regulating monopolies. A monopoly is a business that influences the entire production of a particular
good or service. Controlling product prices and restricting production of certain products are actions that
monopolies can take to increase product prices. Government does not prevent all forms of monopolies,
since it allows natural monopolies—monopolies that are in the best interest of the public.
SOURCE: EC:008 Determine the relationship between government and business
SOURCE: LAP-EC-016—Regulate and Protect (Government and Business)

Test 1258

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

15

28. A
Level of productivity. The general economic growth of a country depends upon its level of productivity.
For example, the level of productivity in the United States has given the country a wealth of goods and
services that allows its citizens to reach a certain standard of living. Gross domestic product is the final
market value of the total output of all goods and services produced within a country's geographic
boundaries during a year's time. GDP serves as a measure of economic growth.
SOURCE: EC:013 Explain the concept of productivity
SOURCE: LAP-EC-018—Make the Most of It (Productivity)
29. D
Stereotyping. A stereotype is a set image or an assumption about a person, a group of people, or a thing.
Assuming that all people of a certain nationality will work long hours for low pay is stereotyping because it
makes a judgment about a group as a whole rather than considering people as unique individuals.
Discrimination is unfair treatment of a person or a group based on the person's or group's characteristics.
Prejudice is opinion or judgment that is based on feeling or hearsay, rather than fact. Harassment is any
kind of unwelcomed behavior that is carried out for the purpose of annoying or intimidating another
person.
SOURCE: EI:017 Recognize and overcome personal biases and stereotypes
SOURCE: LAP-EI-917—Don't Jump to Conclusions! (Recognizing and Overcoming Personal Biases
and Stereotypes)
30. B
Interest and enthusiasm. The salesperson has shown an immediate interest in the customer's request
and given an enthusiastic response. The salesperson does not have a negative attitude, which would be
characterized by boredom and indifference. The extent of their product knowledge cannot be judged by
the response to a single question.
SOURCE: EI:020 Demonstrate interest and enthusiasm
SOURCE: Escalicas, R. (2016, May 15). 3 tips for exceptional customer service. Retrieved October 7,
2021, from https://www.go1.com/blog/post-3-tips-exceptional-customer-service
31. D
Independent. Independent people are those who think and act on their own. They do not wait around for
someone to tell them what to do next. People who are dependent and/or insecure rely heavily on others.
Egotistical people have an inflated view of their own importance.
SOURCE: EI:024 Demonstrate initiative
SOURCE: LAP-EI-240—Hustle! (Taking Initiative at Work)
32. D
Doing what you say you will do. Part of accountability is doing what you say you will do. This means that
people can count on you—an important aspect of responsible behavior. Making judgments based on fact
rather than opinion is part of honesty. Treating others kindly even if they are different from you is part of
compassion/respect. Being fair is part of fairness.
SOURCE: EI:021 Demonstrate responsible behavior
SOURCE: LAP-EI-021—Make the Honor Role (Acting Responsibly)
33. B
Integrity. Integrity means always doing the right thing, no matter what. This means that you do the right
thing even when no one else is watching, when it isn't easy, or when it might not be in your best interest.
People can depend on you to not simply take the easy way out. Not cheating on a test, even when no
one is watching, shows integrity. Loyalty, empathy, and transparency are important characteristics, but
they are not illustrated in this example.
SOURCE: EI:128 Build trust in relationships
SOURCE: LAP-EI-128—Trust in Me (Building Trust in Relationships)

Test 1258

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

16

34. D
Hurt. In ethical dilemmas, someone (or something) could be hurt. Making ethical decisions could lead to
more respect, but this is not a way to determine whether or not a dilemma is ethical. Someone could be
promoted or fired based on the outcome of an ethical dilemma, but again, this would not help you
determine whether or not you are facing an ethical dilemma.
SOURCE: EI:125 Recognize and respond to ethical dilemmas
SOURCE: LAP-EI-125—Make the Right Choice (Recognizing and Responding to Ethical Dilemmas)
35. B
Taking time to rest and relax. Taking small breaks to rest and relax boosts productivity, reenergizes you,
and gives your brain a chance to refresh. Powering through to finish all you have to do will not
necessarily help boost energy and productivity; in fact, it might drain them even further. Quitting your job
is not necessarily helpful or realistic. Finally, delegating all of your work to someone else will not
necessarily boost your energy and productivity.
SOURCE: EI:077 Manage commitments in a timely manner
SOURCE: LAP-EI-077—Commit to It! (Managing Commitments in a Timely Manner)
36. C
Competition. Competition is the rivalry between two or more businesses to attract scarce customer
dollars. Competition is vital to the successful operation of a private enterprise system because it
encourages people to go into business for themselves and develop the products that consumers want.
Production, mechanization, and distribution take place in the private enterprise system as well as in other
types of economic systems. These activities often are the result of competition because businesses are
constantly trying to improve the way they produce and distribute products in order to attract customers.
SOURCE: EC:012 Explain the concept of competition
SOURCE: LAP-EC-912—Ready, Set, Compete! (Competition)
37. C
Maintain self-control. Self-control means that a person restrains their feelings, words, and actions. It is
important for a person to maintain self-control when they become angry or upset while receiving criticism.
Crossing her arms and avoiding eye contact with the supervisor are nonverbal behaviors (body
language) that indicate that Annette has a defensive attitude. A person should avoid being defensive
while receiving criticism. Annette should not interrupt the supervisor while they are speaking in order to
defend her position. She should listen to the criticism before she responds to the feedback.
SOURCE: EI:003 Explain the use of feedback for personal growth
SOURCE: LAP-EI-903—Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
38. A
Highway speed limits. Governmental changes refer to new or revised laws, regulations, policies, public
services, and leadership. Changes in highway speed limits are governmental changes. Changes in the
use of automation are technological changes. Changes in the price of goods are economic changes.
Changes in a person's occupation are personal changes.
SOURCE: EI:026 Adjust to change
SOURCE: Ohio Department of Transportation. (2021). Speed zones. Retrieved October 19, 2021, from
https://www.transportation.ohio.gov/wps/portal/gov/odot/programs/traffic-regulations/speedzones
39. C
Empathetic. Empathy is the ability to put yourself in another person's place. By showing compassion and
sharing a similar experience, you are demonstrating empathetic behavior. To be indifferent means that
you don't care or wouldn't respond. To be critical means to find fault with your fellow employee's actions.
To be impatient means not taking the time to listen or sympathize.
SOURCE: EI:030 Show empathy for others
SOURCE: LAP-EI-030—Have a Heart (Showing Empathy for Others)

Test 1258

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

17

40. B
Effective communication is a two-way process. Communication requires both a sender and a receiver to
work. Both the sender and the receiver are responsible for facilitating effective communication. There are
many barriers to effective communication, including spelling and grammar mistakes, poor listening skills,
inappropriate nonverbal cues, and stereotypes and generalizations. People often make mistakes when
they are communicating that create barriers to effective communication.
SOURCE: EI:007 Explain the nature of effective communications
SOURCE: LAP-EI-140—More Than Just Talk (Effective Communication)
41. A
Assertive. Assertive people stand up for their own rights as well as the rights of others. Passive behavior
is characterized by a failure to exercise personal rights and a lack of respect for personal needs.
Aggressive behavior is characterized by a willingness to ignore the rights of others and to exploit them to
achieve personal goals. Offensive behavior is unpleasant or displeasing actions.
SOURCE: EI:008 Use appropriate assertiveness
SOURCE: LAP-EI-018—Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
42. A
True; leadership skills can be studied and practiced by those who are willing to learn. A leader is an
individual with the ability to guide or direct others in a desired manner to achieve goals. Each one of us
has great leadership potential inside. The skills, behaviors, and characteristics associated with leadership
can be studied and practiced by anyone with a desire to learn. Effective leaders with various skills and
expertise can be found in the workplace at all levels—from the president to the frontline production
employee. A successful business needs people with leadership skills at all levels in different
circumstances. In some situations, having too many managers might create problems for employees.
This often occurs when a manager contradicts another manager's directions. It is important to remember
that there are some people holding positions of authority in the workplace who do not have good
leadership skills, which makes them less effective leaders.
SOURCE: EI:009 Explain the concept of leadership
SOURCE: LAP-EI-909—Lead the Way (Concept of Leadership)
43. B
Reporting noncompliance. Certain government agencies have developed health and safety regulations
that businesses are expected to follow to provide employees with a safe work environment. If businesses
do not comply with these regulations, they should be reported for noncompliance so the necessary action
can be taken to solve the problem and make the workplace safe for employees. The goal is to correct
dangerous situations and keep the workplace safe. An employee notifying a government agency is not an
example of spreading gossip, unethical behavior, or verbal communication. In fact, the employee is
exhibiting ethical behavior. Also, the employee may have notified the agency in writing, which is
nonverbal communication.
SOURCE: OP:005 Report noncompliance with business health and safety regulations
SOURCE: OSHA Education Center. (2021). How to report labor violations. Retrieved October 7, 2021,
from https://www.oshaeducationcenter.com/articles/reporting-labor-violations/
44. D
It’s easier. People often continue doing something even when it is harmful because it is easier than
learning a new way. Innovative and competitive people find new and better ways to do things instead of
continuing old or harmful ways. If something is harmful, it is not the best way.
SOURCE: EI:134 Challenge the status quo
SOURCE: LAP-EI-134—Unfollow the Crowd (Challenging the Status Quo)

Test 1258

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

18

45. C
Indicate why the change is necessary. To effectively lead change, you must be able to guide others and
persuade them to alter their opinions or actions. Because some individuals have a difficult time accepting
and making changes, change leaders must be able to explain why the change is necessary and how the
change will benefit them. Others may or may not have other ideas about implementing change.
Immediately pointing out the negative aspects of others' ideas may put them on the defensive and hinder
your effectiveness in persuading the individuals to accept your suggested change. You cannot assess
how others will view the suggested change until the change has been discussed. The reason for the
change should be communicated, regardless of the urgency of the issue.
SOURCE: EI:005 Lead change
SOURCE: LAP-EI-022—Start the Revolution (Leading Change)
46. C
A vision. It's long term, overarching, and inspirational. When Maggie says she wants to be the best auto
repair shop in the city, she's talking about her vision. A vision is long term, challenging but realistic, and
compelling. A vision involves the big picture and the overarching aim of the organization. Also, it's meant
to provide inspiration for the future. A goal, meanwhile, is specific, measurable, and time-bound. Goals
might be considered small steps on the way to achieving the vision. In Maggie's example, a goal might
be gaining a certain number of new customers this month.
SOURCE: EI:060 Enlist others in working toward a shared vision
SOURCE: LAP-EI-060—Vision Quest (Enlisting Others in Vision)
47. A
Communication. The most important skills used in coaching are communication skills. A good coach
knows how to listen well, ask the right questions, give feedback, and display appropriate nonverbal
behavior. Management is the process of coordinating resources to accomplish an organization's goals.
Flexibility and integrity are character qualities that good coaches display rather than skills that coaches
need to master.
SOURCE: EI:041 Coach others
SOURCE: LAP-EI-041—Bring Out the Best (Coaching Others)
48. B
Authoritarian. Authoritarian leaders give very few, if any, decision-making responsibilities to employees.
Workers who prefer this style of leader would not feel comfortable with a democratic leader, who exerts
only moderate control, or with a laissez-faire leader, who exerts little or no control. Republican is a term
that describes a political party in the United States.
SOURCE: EI:037 Foster positive working relationships
SOURCE: LAP-EI-037—Can You Relate? (Fostering Positive Working Relationships)
49. D
Opening your mind to ideas you may not have considered before. When you are exposed to different
perspectives, your mind is opened to new ideas that you may not have considered before. This can help
broaden your understanding of the people and world around you. Being exposed to different viewpoints
often means interacting with people and groups that are different than you, not just those similar to you.
Being exposed to different viewpoints can improve your ability to communicate with others, not decrease
it. Your ability to maintain existing friendships is not necessarily related to being exposed to new
viewpoints.
SOURCE: EI:136 Consider conflicting viewpoints
SOURCE: LAP-EI-136—Pick a Side (Considering Conflicting Viewpoints)
50. B
Principles. Following ethical principles means your ethical beliefs don’t change when you’re in a new
situation. Pablo follows the same ethical principles at school, home, and work. This is not referred to as
an ethical problem. Ethical situations occur when Pablo decides whether something is right or wrong. If
Pablo doesn’t behave ethically, he could face consequences.
SOURCE: EI:123 Describe the nature of ethics
SOURCE: LAP-EI-123—Rules To Live By (Nature of Ethics)

Test 1258

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

19

51. A
Currency. Currency is the money that a country uses to buy and sell goods and services. There are
several types of currency. For example, coins and paper money are types of currency because they can
be used to buy products. Coins and paper money generally are used by individuals to purchase the
products they need. Bonds are interest-bearing certificates issued by the government that promise to pay
bond owners a certain sum at a specified time. A dividend is a sum of money paid to an investor or
stockholder as earnings on an investment. Dividends are often sent to the investor in the form of a check.
A contract is a legal agreement between two or more businesses stating that one party is to do
something in return for something provided by another party.
SOURCE: FI:059 Identify types of currency (paper money, coins, banknotes, government bonds,
treasury notes, etc.)
SOURCE: Frankenfield, J. (2020, December 23). Currency. Retrieved October 7, 2021, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/currency.asp
52. B
Inflation. Inflation is the increase in the price of goods and services over time. Because of inflation,
money has more value today than it will in the future. Deflation is a decline in prices of goods and
services over time. Investment is the use of money to generate profit or gain. Finally, a recession is a
state of economic decline.
SOURCE: FI:062 Explain the time value of money
SOURCE: Fernando, J. (2021, June 17). Inflation. Retrieved October 7, 2021, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/i/inflation.asp
53. D
Credit allows consumers and businesses to purchase goods and services when they are needed. Credit
is the arrangement by which businesses or individuals can purchase now and pay later. Credit enables
people to purchase when products are needed and pay for them over a period of time, which is the key
reason that credit is used. Credit is not a factor in leveling out income. Ultimately, income must pay for
the credit purchases and cannot be stretched. Credit must be repaid.
SOURCE: FI:002 Explain the purposes and importance of credit
SOURCE: LAP-FI-002—Give Credit Where Credit Is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
54. D
Has a higher rate of return. Investing has a higher rate of return than savings accounts and will yield
much more wealth in the long run. Investing has more risk than saving, not less. It does not help you
meet short-term financial goals; rather, it helps you meet long-term financial goals. Finally, investing is
very important for retirement because saving alone will not bring enough wealth. Investing makes it
possible to retire comfortably.
SOURCE: FI:270 Explain the need to save and invest
SOURCE: Royal, J. (2021, May 21). Saving vs. investing: Here are the key differences for managing
your money. Retrieved October 7, 2021, from https://www.bankrate.com/investing/saving-vsinvesting/
55. D
Nonverbal cues. Nonverbal cues are gestures, facial expression, tone of voice, or any other form of
communicating without words. In some countries, eye contact is an important nonverbal cue that
communicates respect and engagement. This is an example of a cultural norm regarding nonverbal cues,
not verbal cues. Personal space and posture are other examples of nonverbal cues, but they are not
demonstrated in this example.
SOURCE: CO:059 Interpret others' nonverbal cues
SOURCE: SkillsYouNeed.com. (2011-2021). Non-verbal communication. Retrieved October 7, 2021,
from https://www.skillsyouneed.com/ips/nonverbal-communication.html

Test 1258

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

20

56. D
Payroll deductions. Payroll deductions are monies that an employer withholds from an employee's gross
earnings. A large portion of the deductions is the various income taxes, which the employer pays to the
government on behalf of the employee. Other deductions might include health insurance premiums,
voluntary savings, and child support payments. Gross earnings are the employee's wages before the
deductions are calculated. Net pay is the amount the employee receives in their paycheck after the
deductions have been subtracted from the gross earnings. Credit expenses are loan balances on credit
cards.
SOURCE: FI:068 Interpret a pay stub
SOURCE: SurePayroll. (2021). Payroll deductions. Retrieved October 7, 2021, from
https://www.surepayroll.com/resources/terminology/payroll/payroll-deductions
57. A
Back of the check. Endorsement involves signing the back of the check, which allows the funds to be
transferred from the payer (check source) to the payee (check recipient). The payer completes the front
of the check, which includes the "Signature" line and the "Pay to the order of" line, which identifies who
can cash the check—usually the payee. The memo line is used to identify the purpose of the check.
SOURCE: FI:560 Prepare bank account documents (e.g., checks, deposit/withdrawal slips,
endorsements, etc.)
SOURCE: Madura, J., Casey, M., & Roberts, S. (2014). Personal financial literacy (2nd ed.) [pp. 227229]. Upper Saddle, NJ: Pearson.
58. C
Pay off your balance each month. If you must use credit cards, the most effective way to avoid excessive
credit card debt is to pay off your balance each month. By paying back what you've borrowed each
month, you can avoid paying interest and other costly fees. If you cannot pay off your balance each
month, work to pay off high-interest credit cards first since high-interest credit cards cost you more in the
long run than low-interest cards. Choose credit cards with low limits so that you have less of an
opportunity to accumulate debt. Credit card cash advances usually result in extremely high interest
charges, often 20% or more. So, it is wise to avoid cash advances, rather than using them to pay debt.
SOURCE: FI:071 Demonstrate the wise use of credit
SOURCE: Irby, L. (2020, September 30). 10 ways to avoid credit card debt. Retrieved October 7, 2021,
from https://www.thebalance.com/avoid-credit-card-debt-960043
59. D
Penalty. A penalty is a punishment. The government depends on income tax to support public programs.
When people do not provide income tax information when it is needed, the government often imposes a
penalty, usually a fine or fee. Ongoing failure to report income can result in imprisonment. The
government does not offer a refund or allowance for missing an important deadline. However, a person
can file for an extension to avoid being penalized for missing a filing deadline.
SOURCE: FI:074 Prepare personal income tax forms
SOURCE: IRS. (2020, March 4). Tips for taxpayers who missed the tax deadline. Retrieved October 7,
2021, from https://www.irs.gov/newsroom/tips-for-taxpayers-who-missed-the-tax-deadline
60. C
Make the car loan payment and call your credit card company to arrange a payment plan. If you
communicate with your credit card company, it is likely to be willing to arrange a different payment plan or
even delay a payment if needed. It's not wise to skip a credit card payment or a car loan payment, since
doing so can affect your credit score and cause late fees. As a general rule, you should avoid using debt
negotiation services since they often charge excessive fees and sometimes use questionable tactics for
dealing with debt.
SOURCE: FI:565 Pay bills
SOURCE: Loftsgordon, A. (n.d.). When you can't pay your bills: Things to know. Retrieved October 7,
2021, from https://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/trouble-paying-bills-debts-tips32215.html

Test 1258

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

21

61. A
Asset management firm. Asset management firms invest their clients' money in different (diversified)
securities by pooling assets. This is beneficial to investors who do not have the financial resources and
expertise to obtain securities on their own. Asset management firms typically manage mutual funds,
hedge funds, and pension plans. An investment bank is a financial intermediary that underwrites
securities and facilitates mergers. Mortgage companies process loans specifically designed for the
purchase of real estate—land, residences, and other types of buildings. Certified public accounting firms
perform independent financial audits for different types of businesses (e.g., public corporations).
SOURCE: FI:075 Describe types of financial-services providers
SOURCE: Chen, J. (2021, August 16). Asset management company (AMC). Retrieved October 7,
2021, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/a/asset_management_company.asp
62. A
Investments. There is a wide range of investments available to individuals who want the opportunity to
increase their worth. Some investments are riskier than others, which means that individuals might lose
money rather than make money. Certificates of deposit are safe investments because they pay a
guaranteed amount of interest over a specific period of time. Collectibles are a riskier type of investment
because the collectible, such as a baseball card, might lose value over time and not have any worth.
Certificates of deposit and collectibles are not types of accounts or securities. Certificates of deposit earn
interest, while collectibles may or may not increase in value.
SOURCE: FI:077 Explain types of investments
SOURCE: LAP-FI-077—Invest for Success (Types of Investments)
63. A
Plan business expansion. Moving into foreign markets is a type of business expansion, and managers
must ensure the company can afford it. Moving into foreign markets is not a way to reduce expenses,
monitor ongoing business operations, or check up on the competition.
SOURCE: FI:579 Describe the need for financial information
SOURCE: LAP-FI-579—By the Numbers (The Need for Financial Information)
64. B
Balance sheets. Businesses use the information collected through the accounting process to develop
reports that indicate their financial condition. One kind of record is the balance sheet, which shows the
assets, liabilities, and overall financial condition of a business. Businesses need accurate balance sheets
in order to know whether or not they are making a profit. Purchase orders are forms identifying the prices,
discounts, dating, and transportation charges applicable to an order issued by a buyer to a seller.
Inventory forms are the records used in counting the number and types of items available in inventory.
Promissory notes are legal forms signed by a borrower promising to repay a loan.
SOURCE: FI:085 Explain the concept of accounting
SOURCE: LAP-FI-085—Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
65. A
Cash conversion cycle. The cash conversion cycle is a ratio that refers to the number of days between a
company's paying for raw materials and receiving cash from selling the products made from those raw
materials. It goes by many names, including asset conversion cycle, working capital cycle, net operating
cycle, or even just cash cycle. When investors consider investing in a company, they often look at the
cash conversion cycle as an indicator of whether or not the company has good working capital
management. For this reason, the manufacturing company will want to pay close attention to its cash
conversion cycle. Capital budgeting occurs when a company's financial managers determine which
projects the company should invest in. Equity refers to assets the company already owns. Assets are
anything of value that a business or individual owns.
SOURCE: FI:354 Explain the role of finance in business
SOURCE: LAP-FI-354—Money Matters (Role of Finance)

Test 1258

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

22

66. B
Wage garnishment. Wage garnishment occurs when part of a paycheck is taken to pay off a person's
debts. Joel's paycheck is being garnished so that creditors can get the money he owes on his loans.
Repossession occurs when a person's property is seized to pay off a debt. For example, if a person isn't
paying their car loan, the car may be repossessed. If a person has debts they cannot pay, they can file
for bankruptcy, which can result in a court order forgiving most of their debts. However, bankruptcy can
have long-lasting repercussions, including difficulty in obtaining a loan, a home, or insurance. Debt
consolidation involves using some form of credit (e.g., second mortgage, home equity line of credit, etc.)
to pay off multiple other debts.
SOURCE: FI:568 Control debt
SOURCE: United States Department of Labor. (2020, October). Fact sheet #30: The federal wage
garnishment law, Consumer Credit Protection Act's Title III (CCPA). Retrieved October 7,
2021, from https://www.dol.gov/agencies/whd/fact-sheets/30-cppa
67. B
Job satisfaction. Employees who go through orientation programs usually have greater job satisfaction
because they are comfortable with their work environment and understand what is expected of them.
Many businesses have extensive orientation programs designed to familiarize new employees with their
jobs, coworkers, and aspects of the business. Orienting new employees helps them better understand
the business and more effectively perform their assignments. Labor agreements are the result of
negotiations between labor and management. Employee orientation does not increase competition.
Increased compensation is an employee benefit but not a direct result of orientation.
SOURCE: HR:360 Orient new employees
SOURCE: Oregon State University Human Resources. (2021). Why is orientation important? Retrieved
October 7, 2021, from https://hr.oregonstate.edu/employees/administratorssupervisors/onboarding-process/why-orientation-important
68. A
Marketing. Marketing is the process of planning and executing the conception, pricing, promotion, and
distribution of ideas, goods, and services to create exchanges that satisfy individual and organizational
objectives. Cognitive activities are mental processes, such as perceiving, remembering, thinking, and
judging. Exchange activities include all forms of trading. Importing involves the buying of products from
other countries for resale.
SOURCE: MK:001 Explain marketing and its importance in a global economy
SOURCE: LAP-MK-004—Have It Your Way! (Nature of Marketing)
69. D
Access a database. A database is computerized storage for information and facts. Most businesses
maintain a database of information that is relevant to the business, such as lists of customers and
vendors, inventory levels, prices of materials, etc. When businesses need information, they access the
database to obtain the data efficiently. For example, a business could access a database to find out how
many customers in a certain area purchased a specific product during a specified time period.
Scheduling an interview, reading a book, and contacting a competitor are not ways for businesses to
obtain needed information efficiently.
SOURCE: NF:078 Obtain needed information efficiently
SOURCE: Dlabay, L., Burrow, J.L., & Kleindl, B. (2019). Principles of business (9th ed.) [Lesson 11.1].
Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.

Test 1258

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

23

70. B
A technical-trends report that was written on February 5, 2021. An important factor to consider when
evaluating information is its timeliness. If an article or report was published a long time ago, the
information may not be relevant or accurate anymore, particularly if the topic involves technology.
Because the technical-trends report was written recently, the information is likely to be up to date. Due to
technology, the world is constantly experiencing medical breakthroughs and changes; therefore, a journal
article that was published a decade (10 years) ago is less likely to contain up-to-date information. Stock
values change rapidly, so a stock table that appeared in a newspaper on January 14, 2016, would not
contain the most current information about stock values. Because the world's history has dramatically
changed since 2010, the history textbook is outdated.
SOURCE: NF:079 Evaluate quality and source of information
SOURCE: Cameron University. (2018, August 9). Critical thinking: Evaluating information: Timeliness.
Retrieved October 7, 2021, from
https://cameron.libguides.com/EvaluatingInformation/Timeliness
71. C
Too much information can lead to overload. Electronic storage makes it possible to keep much more
information since electronic files do not take up storage space like physical files do. Keeping so much
information can cause an information overload. Information can be more quickly sorted when it is stored
electronically, but this is an advantage. Electronic storage generally saves money.
SOURCE: NF:081 Store information for future use
SOURCE: Goodman, P. (2021, January 5). 17 disadvantages of digital technology. Retrieved October
7, 2021, from https://turbofuture.com/misc/Disadvantages-of-Digital-Technology
72. D
Electronic. Information usually comes in either physical form (anything on paper) or electronic form
(emails, videos, spreadsheets, social media posts, etc.). Book, note card, and verbal are not typical forms
of information that a business must manage.
SOURCE: NF:110 Discuss the nature of information management
SOURCE: LAP-NF-110—In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
73. B
Operating system. The operating system consists of the basic components needed to run all of a
computer's applications and programs. Without the operating system intact, computer users cannot
connect to the internet, conduct a query through an internet search engine, or use a software program's
task toolbar.
SOURCE: NF:085 Use basic operating systems
SOURCE: Beal, V. (2021, May 24). Operating system. Retrieved October 7, 2021, from
https://www.webopedia.com/definitions/operating-system/
74. B
Flag the message for follow-up. The follow-up function reminds the message recipient to follow up with
the message at a later time. Some email programs such as Outlook provide color-coded flags so users
can "flag" the message so it stands out from other messages. When the follow-up is complete, the user
can place a checkmark in the follow-up/flag field to remind them that they have completed the follow-up.
The forward function allows the message recipient to send the message to another person. Sending the
message to her supervisor will not help Claire remember to follow up with the client—and her supervisor
should not do Claire's work for her. Spam is junk mail. Putting the message in her spam folder and
placing the client's contact information in the address book will not help Claire remember to send the
requested information when it is available.
SOURCE: NF:004 Demonstrate basic e-mail functions
SOURCE: Microsoft. (2021). Flag email messages for follow up. Retrieved October 7, 2021, from
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/office/flag-email-messages-for-follow-up-9d0f175f-f3e9406d-bbf7-9c57e1f781cc?ui=en-us&rs=en-us&ad=us

Test 1258

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

24

75. B
Portable. Smartphones and laptops have many useful applications including wireless phone and internet
access, GPS functions, and digital camera capabilities. Businesspeople can use the portable devices to
conduct many business activities while they are away from their offices, such as checking and answering
email, making and retrieving phone calls, verifying inventory availability, placing orders for customers,
scheduling meetings, etc. The advantage to these devices is that they are small and portable—they can
be taken virtually anywhere. The devices and the fees to use their applications can be expensive,
depending on the service plan the user purchases. Smartphones and laptops are not indestructible and
may break if they are misused. People, rather than technical devices, are responsible.
SOURCE: NF:005 Demonstrate personal information management/productivity applications
SOURCE: Bellissimo-Magrin, M. (2016, November 13). Smartphones have changed the way we do
business. Retrieved October 7, 2021, from
https://www.theceomagazine.com/business/management-leadership/smartphones-changedway-business/
76. A
Word processing. Most word-processing software programs contain a thesaurus, which is a listing of
words and their synonyms. This feature enables users to look up alternative words that have the same
meaning. The thesaurus helps business employees prepare accurate written documents and use words
that exactly describe or explain the message. Communications programs allow computers to
communicate with other computers. Graphics and design software is used to create artwork and
drawings rather than text. Presentation software is used to create multimedia presentations.
SOURCE: NF:007 Demonstrate basic word processing skills
SOURCE: Computer Hope. (2019, January 31). Thesaurus. Retrieved October 7, 2021, from
https://www.computerhope.com/jargon/t/thesauru.htm
77. D
Spreadsheet. Businesses use spreadsheet software to perform mathematical calculations quickly and
accurately. One of the advantages of using spreadsheet software is that it is possible to do "what if"
calculations. For example, a business might enter different rates to determine the effect that those rates
would have on profit. The business can experiment with different rates before deciding which rate will be
most appealing to customers and still generate the desired profit. Database software is used to arrange
and sort information. Desktop publishing and presentation software are used for visual presentations.
SOURCE: NF:010 Demonstrate basic spreadsheet applications
SOURCE: The Regents of the University of California. (2020). Spreadsheets. Retrieved October 7,
2021, from https://multimedia.journalism.berkeley.edu/tutorials/spreadsheets/
78. C
Data mining. Data mining is the process of sorting through data to discover underlying connections and
predict future trends. By studying his company's sales data from the previous five years, Arthur was
engaging in data mining—not the selling process, competitive analysis, or customer retention. The selling
process is the process used by salespeople to convince customers to make a purchase. Competitive
analysis involves researching a company's competitors and comparing the competition's strengths and
weaknesses to the company's strengths and weaknesses. The overarching activity of customer retention
is not generally defined by a single process.
SOURCE: NF:148 Discuss the nature of data mining
SOURCE: Twin, A. (2021, September 17). Data mining. Retrieved October 7, 2021, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/d/datamining.asp

Test 1258

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

25

79. C
Report workplace accidents. Certain governmental agencies have developed health and safety
regulations that businesses are expected to follow to provide employees with a safe work environment.
These regulations usually require businesses to report workplace accidents to the appropriate agency.
The purpose of this requirement is to identify and correct unsafe working conditions and to compensate
workers who have been injured on the job. Health and safety regulations usually do not require
businesses to inspect office facilities, hold regular safety meetings, or purchase fireproof supplies.
However, safety-conscious businesses usually inspect their facilities to identify potential safety hazards.
Also, businesses often hold regular safety meetings to keep employees informed.
SOURCE: OP:004 Describe health and safety regulations in business
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp.
687-688]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
80. B
Being engaged, excited, and dedicated. Being enthusiastic means being engaged, excited, and
dedicated to your cause, project, or team. Being enthusiastic does not necessarily mean showing up to
work 10 minutes early or giving compliments to those around you, but being punctual and complimenting
others are always good ideas. Pessimism about the future is definitely not a characteristic of enthusiasm.
SOURCE: EI:133 Inspire others
SOURCE: LAP-EI-133—A Force for Good (Inspiring Others)
81. C
Maintain data security. Some businesses use software programs that help maintain the security of data
they send over the internet to clients. These programs prevent documents from being forwarded to others
so the information does not end up in the hands of competitors. Also, these programs prevent others
from copying, editing, or printing the documents which helps maintain the information in its original form.
Businesses are not able to track employees' email, stop an incoming virus, or control internal
communication by using a software program that prevents employees from forwarding documents over
the internet.
SOURCE: OP:064 Maintain data security
SOURCE: Humbert, D. (2014, July 14). 3 necessary steps to maintain data security. Retrieved October
7, 2021, from https://www.chromeriver.com/blog/3-necessary-steps-to-maintain-data-security
82. D
Lost income. Workplace accidents are costly to both employees and employers. Some of the ways that
accidents are costly to employees include missing work and losing income. Lost production, lost sales,
and lost profits are some of the ways that accidents are costly to employers.
SOURCE: OP:009 Explain procedures for handling accidents
SOURCE: U.S. Department of Labor. (n.d.). Business case for safety and health. Retrieved October 7,
2021, from https://www.osha.gov/businesscase
83. C
Provide employees with specialized training. Businesses can help prevent computer fraud by making
sure employees understand how to operate their hardware and software and how to use and protect their
own identification codes or passwords. Employees also should be trained not to allow unauthorized
individuals to see the computer screen, and to exit a confidential file or turn off the computer if they need
to leave their terminals. Using closed-circuit television monitors, hiring professional security guards, and
installing electronic sensing systems are ways of preventing shoplifting rather than computer fraud.
SOURCE: OP:013 Explain routine security precautions
SOURCE: TowneBank. (2021). Training employees to prevent fraud. Retrieved October 7, 2021, from
https://www.townebank.com/business/resource-center/security-center/preventing-internaland-external-fraud/training-employees-to-prevent-fraud

Test 1258

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

26

84. D
Set alarms on doors at night. Security procedures are activities that employees should follow to protect
the business from loss. These security procedures are intended to reduce the risk of theft, robbery,
assault, and other violent crimes, all of which might result in a loss for the business. An example of a
security procedure is setting alarms on doors at night. This procedure might protect the business from
theft, which usually results in financial loss. Complying with local safety regulations, knowing where first
aid kits are located, and memorizing emergency phone numbers are not examples of security procedures
that employees should follow to minimize the risk of loss.
SOURCE: OP:152 Follow established security procedures/policies
SOURCE: Bay Alarm. (2020, October 14). Choosing a security system for your small business.
Retrieved October 7, 2021, from https://www.bayalarm.com/commercial/burglar-alarmsystems-commercial/choosing-a-security-system-for-your-small-business/
85. B
Order of their importance. Prioritizing involves ranking things in the order of their relative importance.
Individuals evaluate many factors when prioritizing their work, including due dates and the time that it will
take to complete a task. Categorizing tasks in alphabetical order and categorizing them in numerical
order are not effective ways to prioritize tasks. Sometimes, the most difficult or unpleasant tasks are the
most important to complete; therefore, prioritizing work in relation to the level of enjoyment you have
while performing the task is not an effective method to use to set priorities.
SOURCE: OP:228 Organize and prioritize work
SOURCE: MacKay, J. (2020, May 5). The "everything is important" paradox: 9 practical methods for
how to prioritize your work (and time). Retrieved October 7, 2021, from
https://blog.rescuetime.com/how-to-prioritize/
86. B
Evaluate project success. Evaluating project success is the process of assessing the accomplishments of
a project and reflecting on lessons learned. It should be done at the end of any project so that you can
know how well your project has done, whether or not you've achieved your goals, and how your project
has benefited its stakeholders. You should not move on to the next project or present your findings to
stakeholders unless you have evaluated your project's success. Identifying project resources comes
during the planning process, not when the project is finished.
SOURCE: OP:521 Evaluate project success
SOURCE: LAP-OP-521—Making the Grade (Evaluating Project Success)
87. B
Their stores are geographically distant. Some retail chains have grown so large that central buying can
no longer effectively purchase for geographically distant stores. In response to this development, many
large retail firms have decentralized their purchasing operations by dividing the country into districts and
delegating part of central buying's responsibility to district managers who are more familiar with local
stores. Businesses usually obtain lower prices for large orders. Businesses do not decentralize their
purchasing operations because buyers prefer to be independent. Both centralized and decentralized
purchasing operations are able to maintain a wide variety of suppliers.
SOURCE: OP:015 Explain the nature and scope of purchasing
SOURCE: LAP-OP-015—Buy Right (Purchasing)
88. C
Providing home security. Production is the process or activity of producing goods and services. Providing
home security creates a service for consumers and is, therefore, considered a form of production.
Reading for pleasure, answering your personal phone, and purchasing food items are not production
activities, because they do not create a good or service.
SOURCE: OP:017 Explain the concept of production
SOURCE: LAP-OP-017—Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)

Test 1258

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

27

89. C
Confidential documents should be kept in locked cabinets or rooms. Limiting access to confidential
documents is a good way to protect them. Employees should not discuss confidential information in
public places, because they might be overheard. Confidential information can be printed out, but it should
be kept secure or shredded when no longer needed. Documents should be marked “confidential” to
ensure that their recipients are aware of the need for security.
SOURCE: OP:441 Explain information privacy, security, and confidentiality considerations in business
SOURCE: Richard, R. (2017, July 20). Don't let your workplace documents be a security risk. Retrieved
October 7, 2021, from https://knowledge.carolinashred.com/dont-let-your-workplacedocuments-be-a-security-risk
90. B
Employees. To customers, the image presented by employees and that of the firm are inseparable.
Because of the large amount of customer contact involved in many businesses, employees should
maintain a personal appearance that is in line with the image of the business. Customers usually are not
aware of a business’s inventory methods or profit margins. They also would not have any information
about a business’s creditors.
SOURCE: PD:002 Maintain appropriate personal appearance
SOURCE: LAP-PD-002—Brand Me (Personal Appearance)
91. A
Identifying activities. The first step toward orderly and systematic behavior is to identify and list the
activities in which you are involved, the things you need to get done, and your commitments. Classifying
activities involves categorizing activities to help you visualize what you have to do. To prioritize activities
means to rank them in order of importance. Performing activities implements your plan.
SOURCE: PD:009 Demonstrate systematic behavior
SOURCE: Mind Tools. (2021). To-do lists: The key to efficiency. Retrieved October 7, 2021, from
https://www.mindtools.com/pages/article/newHTE_05.htm
92. A
Understanding. To set goals for yourself, you must have a clear understanding of what your skills and
abilities are. Your goals will not be appropriate unless you know who you are, what you want to achieve,
and what you are capable of doing. Self-centeredness is a form of selfishness. Self-consciousness is
excessive focus on yourself. Self-importance is pride.
SOURCE: PD:018 Set personal goals
SOURCE: LAP-PD-918—Go for the Goal (Goal Setting)
93. A
Company policy manual. Policies are the general rules or expectations to be followed by company
personnel. Often, businesses provide these rules in a publication, such as a manual. Issues such as
absences, vacations, dress codes, and the personal use of email or other office equipment are often
addressed in a written form. Although it is possible to obtain information about an employer's
expectations from the company website, interoffice correspondence, and coworkers, these options are
not always the most reliable or the most accurate. In addition, some companies do not have websites or
do not use them to post workplace policies.
SOURCE: PD:020 Analyze employer expectations in the business environment
SOURCE: Bit.ai. (2020). Policy and procedure manual: What is it & how to create it? Retrieved October
7, 2021, from https://blog.bit.ai/writing-a-policy-and-procedure-manual/
94. A
Employees in the desired field. Employees in the desired field are an excellent source of career
information for students. Talking to people with firsthand knowledge of the position or occupation that you
are interested in is a great way to learn more about daily life in the field. Tax preparation centers, town
visitor information booths, and retired relatives would not necessarily provide relevant career information
for students.
SOURCE: PD:022 Identify sources of career information
SOURCE: Butler, J. (2017, July 6). The importance of job shadowing. Retrieved October 7, 2021, from
https://www.educationquest.org/blog/importance-job-shadowing/

Test 1258

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

28

95. B
Customer service representative. There are many employment opportunities in the marketing segment of
business. Marketing is an organizational function and a set of processes for creating, communicating,
and delivering value to customers and for managing customer relationships in ways that benefit the
organization and its stakeholders. As a result, customer service is an important part of marketing.
Individuals who want to pursue a career in marketing often obtain entry-level positions as customer
service representatives. This position gives them experience working with customers and learning the
business's product. Then, they often have the opportunity to move up in the marketing department.
Junior bookkeeper, apprentice plant manager, and assistant office supervisor are not entry-level
positions in marketing.
SOURCE: PD:025 Explain employment opportunities in business
SOURCE: LAP-PD-025—Go for It! (Careers in Business)
96. B
Irregular paychecks. Entrepreneurs experience many types of challenges as they start and grow their
businesses. A financial concern often involves irregular paychecks or unpredictable income. It often takes
a while for a new venture to gain business and earn a profit, so the entrepreneur often doesn't receive
income or get paid at regular intervals. Long working hours and shorter vacations are factors related to
the entrepreneur's personal commitment to their business. Production standards are specifications
related to the process of making or producing goods and services.
SOURCE: PD:066 Explain career opportunities in entrepreneurship
SOURCE: LAP-PD-066—Own Your Own (Career Opportunities in Entrepreneurship)
97. B
Follow-up letter. After a job interview, it is important to send a follow-up letter to the interviewer. The letter
thanks the interviewer for their time and reinforces the applicant's interest in the position. Also, a function
of a follow-up letter is to offer to provide additional information. In some situations, an interviewer may
decide that more information is necessary to make a hiring decision and will contact the applicants who
have indicated that they are willing to provide that information. It is more appropriate to send a follow-up
letter than to place a phone call after a job interview. The job applicant should not send a handwritten
note. Email letters are becoming more common after job interviews, but they do not ask questions—
doing so would require the interviewer to respond.
SOURCE: PD:029 Write a follow-up letter after job interviews
SOURCE: Doyle, A. (2021, October 14). Follow-up email and letter examples for after an interview.
Retrieved October 19, 2021, from https://www.thebalancecareers.com/job-interview-followup-thank-you-letter-email-2063971
98. D
When acting on a referred job lead. When a friend or acquaintance refers a person to a possible job lead,
it is appropriate for that person to send a letter of application to the business. One way of letting a
business know that a person is interested in a job that may be available is to send a letter of application
briefly outlining how they found out about the position and listing their qualifications. Job application
forms provide all the information a business needs about an applicant and do not require accompanying
letters. Letters of application are not used to respond to a request for information or to submit educational
transcripts.
SOURCE: PD:030 Write a letter of application
SOURCE: Doyle, A. (2021, August 3). Sample cover letter for a job application. Retrieved October 7,
2021, from https://www.thebalancecareers.com/job-application-letter-sample-2062548

Test 1258

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

29

99. C
Has a proven record of accomplishments. Seniority is the length of time an employee has worked for an
employer. An employee with more seniority has worked for the company for a longer period of time than
an employee with less seniority. Because an employee with seniority has worked for a longer period of
time, they have established a reputation and have a proven record of work-related accomplishments. The
company decides which accomplishments are factors to consider when promoting employees.
Accomplishments might include the ability to reach or exceed goals, the ability to consistently complete
tasks on or ahead of time, the willingness to cooperate and work well with others, and the desire to
develop technological skills.
SOURCE: PD:034 Explain possible advancement patterns for jobs
SOURCE: Kurtus, R. (n.d.). Basics of career advancement. Retrieved October 7, 2021, from
https://www.school-for-champions.com/career/basics_of_career_advancement.htm
100. B
Organizational cohesiveness. The rules of conduct are the company's policies, procedures, and
expectations for its employees' behavior in the workplace. When employees are consistently held to the
same basic expectations, and they follow the company's rules, the company's overall cultural
environment is stable, and employees tend to be more willing to cooperate with one another. If some
employees are allowed to get away with inappropriate behavior (e.g., consistent tardiness) and others
are reprimanded for the same behavior, conflict is more likely to occur. Laissez-faire managers assume
little or no leadership responsibility and allow subordinates to determine their own work behavior and
productivity level. Depending on the situation, inflexible attitudes are likely to cause conflict.
SOURCE: PD:251 Follow rules of conduct
SOURCE: LAP-PD-251—Know the Code (Following Rules of Conduct)

