1. The key to complying with laws and regulations is to focus on those that
A. are the easiest to learn.
B. bring serious consequences.
C. only affect your career.
D. apply to you.

2. Which of the following is a prereading activity that often helps businesspeople determine if online information is relevant to the specific topic that they are researching:
A. Scanning titles and headings
B. Underlining review questions
C. Taking detailed notes
D. Memorizing glossary terms

3. Kelly works at a fast-food restaurant. During her initial training, her manager taught her how to operate the milkshake machine and showed her the list of steps for making different milkshakes. When a customer orders a mint chocolate chip milkshake, Kelly ignores the instructions sheet and accidentally puts the mint flavor into strawberry ice cream. This is an example of the importance of
A. following written directions.
B. trusting your feelings.
C. making up your own rules.
D. mistrusting written directions.

4. Andreas is listening to his coworker Melissa present her idea for a marketing campaign to their manager. What could Andreas do to encourage and support Melissa during her presentation?
A. Look down at the papers in front of him
B. Nod, smile, and maintain eye contact
C. Avoid eye contact and act preoccupied
D. Laugh and smile at everything Melissa says

5. A month ago, Carmen volunteered to bring cookies to her school's bake sale. She waited until the morning of the bake sale to bake the cookies, and now she has to get them done as quickly as she can. She tries a cookie when it comes out of the oven, and it tastes terrible. Carmen looks back at the recipe and realizes she left out several key ingredients because she was in such a hurry. Which of these steps for following written instructions did Carmen ignore?
A. Don't rush.
B. Accept responsibility.
C. Know the end result.
D. Go in order.

6. Which of the following is a rule of good listening:
A. Eliminate background noise.
B. Listen with empathy.
C. Be thinking about what you will say next.
D. Stand as close as possible to the speaker.

7. One of the disadvantages of using nonverbal communication is that it
A. is not a common form of communication.
B. may not be interpreted accurately.
C. is not considered courteous.
D. may not be associated with leadership.

8. To evaluate any idea objectively, it is important to consider
A. personal opinions.
B. potential problems.
C. market research.
D. competitors' activities.

9. Pablo takes a phone call for a coworker. In order for Pablo's coworker to be able to follow up with the caller, Pablo should ask the caller for their
A. name, current address, and extension number.
B. name, organization, and phone number.
C. phone number, last name, and zip code.
D. phone number, last name, and address.

10. What is a key to effective note-taking?
A. Capturing every detail
B. Active listening
C. Creative thinking
D. Using an outline

11. Alma is preparing a presentation about her department's budget to make to the company president. She wants to use a visual representation of the budget that shows parts in relation to the whole. Alma should consider using a
A. pie chart.
B. table.
C. line graph.
D. bar graph.

12. Maria, a human resources manager, wants to send a message to everyone in her office about upcoming changes in the company's insurance policy. She should deliver this message
A. with an informal email.
B. verbally.
C. through a letter.
D. in a memo.

13. When writing an email to your coworkers, you should always
A. put your main point in your last paragraph.
B. use all capitals to get important points across.
C. make sure your message is as long as possible.
D. write “please” and “thank you” when necessary.

14. Kevin developed a letter stating that his company will be offering discounts on certain products for a limited time. Kevin's letter is an example of a(n)
A. request for data.
B. informative message.
C. instructional guide.
D. expression of personal opinion.

15. A person who publicly tweets negative comments about their company is most likely to be
A. laughed at.
B. fired.
C. promoted.
D. prosecuted.

16. What is the first step to problem-solving in a group?
A. Implementing solutions
B. Assessing solutions
C. Determining causes of the problem
D. Defining the problem

17. An employee approaches a regular customer who appears to be looking for a specific item and says, "Good morning, Mr. Hinkle, may I direct you to a particular product?" Is this the most appropriate way to deal with that customer?
A. Yes, employees should be well informed and able to help customers.
B. No, employees are too busy to pay attention to only one customer.
C. Yes, employees should always greet customers and call them by name.
D. No, employees are not expected to have conversations with customers.

18. A store's written policy concerning returns states that "Refunds will be issued when a receipt is presented; other returns will be given store credit." Mrs. Garcia, a regular customer, returns a product without a receipt, complains about the store's return policy, and is given a full refund even though she doesn't have a receipt. Another customer overhears the conversation and asks for a refund without a receipt, but the store denies that request. How would enforcing the return policy have a positive impact on the business?
A. Ensure fair treatment of employees
B. Reduce misunderstanding and ill will
C. Eliminate consistent behavior
D. Guide customers' actions and protect their decisions

19. Mr. Martin said, “I want to return this software and get my money back. Before I bought it, your salesperson told me that it was compatible with my computer, but it isn't.” What is the reason for Mr. Martin's complaint?
A. The salesperson used high-pressure sales tactics.
B. The product was defective.
C. The salesperson provided inaccurate information.
D. The product was labeled incorrectly.

20. By developing a brand promise, a company can
A. ensure that all of its products will meet customers' expectations.
B. communicate its commitment to meeting customers' expectations.
C. obtain a trademark from the government.
D. establish a licensing agreement with the government.

21. To reinforce the company's customer-friendly image, managers should consistently
A. emphasize the importance of production planning.
B. provide employees with stock options, profit sharing, and bonuses.
C. communicate the company's service-quality expectations to employees.
D. reorganize the company's resources.

22. Which of the following is an example of a capital good:
A. Water
B. A plow
C. Seeds
D. A farmhand

23. Owen wants a new pair of running shoes. He also wants a new sweatshirt to wear while running, but he decides that he needs the shoes more. By purchasing the running shoes, Owen will give up the potential benefit of purchasing the sweatshirt. The potential benefit that Owen is giving up is the __________ cost of his decision.
A. opportunity
B. holding
C. marginal
D. menu

24. Making a product more useful by altering or changing it in some manner creates __________ utility.
A. possession
B. place
C. time
D. form

25. How do producers answer the economic question of what to produce?
A. By rationing goods and services
B. By developing incentives
C. By buying more resources
D. By comparing relative prices

26. Ricky's startup company recently received an investment from a wealthy business owner who likes to support budding entrepreneurs. In other words, the wealthy business owner is a(n)
A. business analyst.
B. debt financer.
C. financial advisor.
D. angel investor.

27. In a private enterprise economy, business growth is driven by
A. risk.
B. governmental regulations.
C. profit and competition.
D. price.

28. When Marlon buys a new oven for his bakery, he receives a three-year warranty from the oven company. If the oven breaks or has any problems within three years, the company promises to repair or replace it free of charge. This is an example of __________ business risk.
A. transferring
B. avoiding
C. preventing/controlling
D. retaining

29. Which of the following is true of emotional intelligence:
A. It helps you manage your emotions.
B. It means you're an emotional person.
C. It's also known as “book smarts.”
D. It's not a good predictor of future success.

30. When we see a traffic light change from red to green, we know that it is time to go. This is an example of how
A. we struggle to understand the nuances of human behavior.
B. our instinct to categorize people and things keeps us safe.
C. stereotypes are always negative and insulting to others.
D. everyone is affected by unconscious bias.

31. Which of the following might indicate a job applicant's initiative when applying for an entry-level position:
A. Sending a letter of application
B. Completing an application blank
C. Showing up for an interview
D. Having a physical examination

32. You overhear two classmates gossiping about one of your friends. What can you do to show your loyalty?
A. Ignore the conversation to show that you don't listen to gossip and rumors.
B. Tell your classmates to stop talking about your friend, and defend your friend.
C. Tell your friend all of the hurtful comments that were said about them.
D. Join in the conversation so that your classmates won't gossip about you next.

33. Qualified employees who behave unethically on the job may harm themselves by being
A. held legally responsible.
B. sent to a training program.
C. passed over for promotions.
D. rotated to similar positions.

34. When a person fails to take responsibility for decisions and actions, they will likely experience difficulty
A. choosing a college.
B. understanding math homework.
C. creating goals.
D. getting along with others.

35. Siobhan always treats others the way that she'd like to be treated. She is building trust by
A. communicating often and openly.
B. keeping her promises.
C. being fair.
D. taking responsibility for her mistakes.

36. When Tori considers taking something that doesn’t belong to her, which ethical principle could help her recognize that she’s facing an ethical dilemma?
A. Accountability
B. Transparency
C. Respect
D. Trust

37. As the assistant purchasing manager of a large company, Hannah juggles many workplace commitments. Last week, Hannah had several meetings with vendors and didn't leave herself enough time to finish the weekly inventory report for her manager—a task that she really doesn't enjoy doing. Because the report was late, Hannah's manager was annoyed with her. What barrier prevented Hannah from effectively managing her workplace commitments?
A. Procrastination
B. Competence
C. Self-esteem
D. Cultural awareness

38. Which of the following is a primary characteristic of individuals with a high tolerance for ambiguity:
A. Detail-oriented
B. Routine-oriented
C. Optimistic
D. Emotional

39. Two salespeople show little interest in their own activities as well as the activities of others. What type of attitude is being exhibited by the salespeople?
A. Pessimistic
B. Constructive
C. Positive
D. Indifferent

40. One of the ways that empathy benefits a business's employees directly is by helping them
A. get along with their coworkers.
B. focus on people's differences.
C. plan effectively for the future.
D. move quickly up the career ladder.

41. One of the characteristics of effective communication is conciseness. A concise statement is one that
A. presents only relevant information.
B. contains many adjectives.
C. would be described as wordy.
D. is as vague as possible.

42. Frank hurt Maggie's feelings when they disagreed about something. Now, Maggie goes out of her way to avoid Frank and not confront him about the situation. What conflict response mode is Maggie using?
A. Withdrawal
B. Yielding
C. Negotiating
D. Forcing

43. Employees can most successfully navigate office politics and prevent unnecessary drama by
A. avoiding close relationships with coworkers.
B. staying to themselves and not talking to others.
C. refusing to spread false rumors around the office.
D. keeping concerns about the workplace to themselves.

44. When determining if a personal vision is realistic, a person must determine if the vision will have
A. measurable goals.
B. limited resources.
C. few setbacks.
D. permanent results.

45. Inspired people are generally
A. more open to new experiences.
B. less absorbed in their work.
C. more extrinsically motivated.
D. less satisfied with their life.

46. Which of the following is a typical behavior for a person with a high achievement orientation:
A. Impatience
B. Persistence
C. Ruthlessness
D. Irresponsibility

47. Which of the following people is more likely to challenge the status quo:
A. A person who is benefiting from the current situation
B. A person who views old ways as superior
C. A person who uses critical thinking to evaluate a situation
D. A person who always follows the crowd

48. Effective coaches are patient, dependable, and
A. entertaining.
B. critical.
C. distracted.
D. approachable.

49. Personality is a combination of an individual's personal
A. ethnic heritage.
B. education.
C. characteristics, or traits.
D. religion.

50. Thoroughly examining a viewpoint requires reading or listening to information from
A. people that agree with you.
B. a single authoritative source.
C. several different sources.
D. politically affiliated sources.
51. Which of the following is a benefit of using your smartphone to make mobile payments when buying something from a brick-and-mortar store:
A. Privacy
B. Accessibility
C. Convenience
D. Standardization

52. Sylvia needs to buy a new computer for her company. Instead of bartering for the computer, she uses money to purchase it. Which function of money does this illustrate?
A. Double coincidence of wants
B. Unit of measure
C. Store of value
D. Medium of exchange

53. Investing can help build wealth because it
A. guarantees that you will not lose any money.
B. increases your savings over your lifetime.
C. doesn't require any money to start investing.
D. eliminates the need to save for retirement.

54. Rachel set a financial goal of saving $100,000 over the next five years. Her annual salary, however, is only $30,000—and she has no other sources of income. Between paying for rent, food, clothing, and student loans, it's unlikely that Rachel will be able to save $100,000 in five years. Rachel's goal is
A. unattainable.
B. timely.
C. irrelevant.
D. measurable.

55. Individuals often gain wealth from saving money in a retirement account because
A. retirement accounts guarantee future financial security.
B. employers sometimes match employees' contributions.
C. many governments offer loan relief as a reward for saving.
D. retirement account holders can accumulate rewards points.

56. Which amount listed on a paycheck stub represents an employee's actual take-home pay?
A. Regular pay
B. Gross pay
C. Overtime pay
D. Net pay

57. Lalita receives a check as a birthday gift. Before she deposits it in the bank, she signs her name on the back of the check in black ink. Lalita is __________ the check.
A. writing
B. registering
C. endorsing
D. withdrawing

58. Sheila pays the minimum payment shown on her credit card bill each month. For the remaining amount on the bill, she will be charged a(n)
A. annual percentage rate.
B. annual fee.
C. late fee.
D. overdraft fee.

59. While reviewing his credit report, Isaiah saw an inaccurate entry regarding a bank loan that he had obtained. The first step that Isaiah should take to correct the mistake is to
A. file a complaint with the local business association.
B. contact the bank.
C. contact the appropriate credit bureau.
D. file a claim with the federal banking agency.

60. One way to protect yourself against identity theft is to
A. limit the number of credit cards you have.
B. give out your bank account number by phone.
C. open every email you have been sent.
D. carry your passport and birth certificate with you.

61. Which of the following is an effect of automatically paying bills online:
A. Bank accounts are never overdrawn.
B. Payments may be late.
C. It is easier to keep track of payments.
D. The lack of paper is good for the environment.

62. Interest paid on a loan can be understood as compensation to __________ for __________.
A. the borrower; spending now rather than later
B. the borrower; repaying on time
C. the lender; avoiding bad investments
D. the lender; taking a risk

63. What type of deposit-taking institution is owned by its members or customers?
A. Full-service broker
B. Investment bank
C. Credit union
D. Discount broker

64. Ethan has health insurance through his employer. Each time Ethan needs medical attention, he must write a check in the amount of $25 to the doctor's office to cover his out-of-pocket expense. This out-of-pocket expense is Ethan's
A. copayment.
B. total premium.
C. surrender charge.
D. waiver.

65. Which of the following is a way that businesses can use financial information:
A. To create an economic system
B. To select selling strategies
C. To conduct focus groups
D. To identify trends

66. Which of the following is a measure of how well a business generates cash flow:
A. Capital structure
B. Accounts receivable
C. Return on capital
D. Accounts payable

67. Managers often ask their employees to help orient new workers. One advantage to involving veteran staff members in the orientation process is that
A. veteran staff members are more likely to require new hires to develop performance goals.
B. veteran staff members are more knowledgeable about compensation than their managers.
C. new hires often have questions that they feel uncomfortable asking their managers.
D. managers don't have to meet with new hires if veteran staff members orient them.

68. Which of the following marketing functions helps businesses answer the question "Where will the products be offered?"
A. Channel management
B. Selling
C. Promotion
D. Product/Service management

69. You're writing a paper on the latest developments in vaccines. What type of information should you consult?
A. Current
B. Historical
C. Controversial
D. Fictional

70. Camille is conducting research for a report that she is writing about the mercury levels in fish. Which of the following is the most reliable source for Camille to use:
A. A recent blog entry that was written by Dr. Harold Corning, a retired brain surgeon
B. A chapter from a high school physics textbook that was published in 2001
C. An online article that was written last month by a well-known marine biologist
D. A 2019 newsletter from a nonprofit organization that studies the effects of air pollution

71. Mason Publishing included the following statement in a newsletter that was sent to its sales staff about its new tablet: "CEO Lucinda Marcelli said, 'This product supports our ongoing efforts to revolutionize the ways in which students across the country learn.'" This is an example of
A. summarizing the features of a new item by using a testimonial.
B. including a quotation to introduce an item during a sales meeting.
C. paraphrasing a comment to explain specific product benefits.
D. using a quotation to communicate product information.

72. Chloe recently took over the family business so that her parents could retire. While reorganizing her dad's desk so that she could use it, Chloe found several compact discs (CDs). She'd like to find out what is stored on each disc, but she doesn't have a computer with a CD drive. She can't access the data on the discs because CDs have become
A. networked.
B. destructive.
C. obsolete.
D. decentralized.

73. In an effective information management system, all information is
A. accurate.
B. accessible to everyone.
C. quantitative in nature.
D. abstract.

74. What is the primary function of the random-access memory (RAM) component of a computer?
A. Reads the computer code that provides visual effects
B. Serves as a temporary holding area for files and programs
C. Stores data and programs permanently
D. Enables the user to apply point-and-click commands

75. Jamal needs to obtain a report from a vendor six months from now. He uses the calendar function in his email program to write a note that will automatically remind him to request the report on a specific date in the future. What is Jamal doing?
A. Using cloud applications to store important work documents
B. Managing his productivity by using scheduling applications
C. Acquiring information by reviewing internet articles and papers
D. Using project management software to track personal activities

76. At home, Bill uses Firefox to view web pages. At work, he uses Google Chrome to look at the same pages. These software programs that "translate" HTML-encoded files into websites that Bill can read are examples of
A. search engines.
B. uniform resource locators.
C. listservs.
D. browsers.

77. A database query allows a user to retrieve business records that contain
A. the same criteria.
B. different values.
C. random statistics.
D. dissimilar information.

78. What is an important consideration when selecting graphics and posting them on a business's website?
A. Log files
B. Font size
C. Descriptive links
D. Download time

79. Tim works for a manufacturer that produces food items. He manages the flow of products from production to consumption. He decides where and how to store the products as well as how and when to transport them to customers. In which part of operations does Tim work?
A. Quality assurance
B. Scheduling
C. Quality inspection
D. Logistics

80. Jackie is starting a T-shirt business. When should Jackie read the instructions for the heat press, vinyl cutter, and printer that he'll be using to create his products?
A. When any of the equipment malfunctions
B. Before using the equipment for the first time
C. Never; he can figure out the equipment on his own.
D. When he hires his first employee

81. The Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) is responsible for
A. reporting job-related injuries or illnesses to supervisors.
B. seeking medical attention for injured employees.
C. insisting that businesses maintain safe, hazard-free workplaces.
D. complying with a business's safety rules.

82. When a fire alarm goes off at Karen's office, she maintains her composure and leads her coworkers out of the building quickly and quietly. As a result, nobody was injured, and Karen's team made it out of the building before anyone else. This is an example of the importance of
A. staying calm in emergency situations.
B. ignoring company protocol during emergencies.
C. the concept of "every man for himself" during emergencies.
D. doubting the seriousness of fire alarms.

83. What are the most effective deterrents to shoplifting?
A. Guards and detectives
B. Electronic article surveillance tags
C. Fitting room staffs and mirrors
D. Concealed closed-circuit televisions

84. To maintain workplace security and minimize breaches, you must be
A. a team player.
B. distracted.
C. observant.
D. friendly.

85. Which of the following is a reason why it is important to monitor projects:
A. It saves time and resources.
B. It allows projects to go off track.
C. It eliminates accountability.
D. It makes team members more competitive.

86. In searching out suppliers, industrial purchasers should obtain __________ from potential vendors.
A. purchase orders
B. price quotations
C. buying plans
D. resource files

87. What is a production activity that helps businesses decide how much to produce?
A. Budgeting
B. Scheduling
C. Forecasting
D. Transforming

88. A soft drink manufacturer needs to keep the right number of sodas on hand to satisfy customer demand without producing excess product that will go unused. This is an example of which aspect of supply chain management?
A. Customer service
B. Inventory management
C. Cost management
D. Logistics management

89. A company's manager did not protect confidential information about a conflict between two employees. What is a likely consequence of this action?
A. Costly lawsuits
B. Loss of clients
C. Damaged workplace environment
D. Claims of workplace discrimination

90. Your daily personal grooming habits directly impact your personal
A. relaxation.
B. hygiene.
C. skills.
D. education.

91. When a person uses a decision-making model to make a decision, they can trust that
A. their intuition is right.
B. they made the best choice.
C. they achieved success.
D. they made a good effort.

92. Which of the following individuals is most likely to meet their employer's expectations for proper employee behavior:
A. Charlene, who oversleeps and is late to work once or twice a month
B. Penelope, who asked a successful veteran coworker to serve as her mentor
C. Dave, who has a tendency to take credit for his team's work
D. Tim, who waits a week or more before replying to his manager's emails

93. Which of the following is an example of job shadowing:
A. Tom asks an advertising manager about various professional organizations in marketing.
B. Kayla follows the public relations director of a local company to learn about their career.
C. Delia talks with an event coordinator about the ways in which she can donate her time to a local charity.
D. Brian sets up a time to meet with a sales representative to find out about their job duties.

94. Kayla is an introvert who enjoys working alone. She also prefers structure and routine in her day. Which of the following careers would best suit Kayla's personality:
A. Accountant
B. Elementary school teacher
C. Marketing specialist
D. Public defense attorney

95. Technological advancements have made it possible for some entrepreneurs to
A. reduce the need for maintaining financial records.
B. operate their businesses entirely from their computers.
C. run their businesses with fewer computer skills.
D. eliminate the need to pay income and Social Security taxes.

96. Which of the following is an example of an appropriate attitude for a job applicant to demonstrate during a job interview:
A. I have skills that this company could use.
B. I can do any job that I'm asked to do.
C. I think this company would be lucky to get me.
D. I know all about this company and its products.

97. To develop a professional-looking resume, the writer should
A. create interest by using colorful text.
B. include a photograph of themselves.
C. begin by describing their work history.
D. proofread the document for spelling errors.

98. Sally is interested in working with animals. In her free time, Sally goes to the local animal shelter to help feed, walk, and care for the stray dogs and cats. Sally is gaining experience in her field of interest by
A. job shadowing a veterinarian.
B. participating in an internship.
C. doing volunteer work.
D. organizing a charitable event.

99. Where are a company's protocols, policies, and procedures most likely to be found?
A. Posted in the company cafeteria
B. On the company's public website
C. They usually aren't written down.
D. In a company handbook

100. When navigated properly, your company’s chain of command can
A. guide you toward better financial health.
B. reveal to you your hidden talents.
C. be your personal map for career success.
D. help you discern your true purpose in life.

/////

1. D
Apply to you. It would be impossible to learn and remember every local, state, federal, and international
law. There are just too many of them—and they are constantly changing and being challenged in courts.
However, being unaware of a law is not an excuse for breaking it, so it is important to focus on the laws
and regulations that apply to you. You should not solely focus on the laws and regulations that bring
serious consequences, that only affect your career, or that are the easiest to learn, because you might
miss some laws that affect you.
SOURCE: BL:163 Comply with the spirit and intent of laws and regulations
SOURCE: LAP-BL-163—Laying Down the Law (Complying With the Spirit and Intent of Laws and
Regulations)
2. A
Scanning titles and headings. By scanning titles and headings, businesspeople can often determine if an
article, white paper, or book excerpt relates to the topic at hand and is worth taking the time to read in
detail. Underlining review questions, taking detailed notes, and memorizing glossary terms are not
prereading activities that help businesspeople determine if online information is relevant to a specific
topic that they are researching.
SOURCE: CO:055 Extract relevant information from written materials
SOURCE: Open Oregon. (n.d.). Use pre-reading strategies. Retrieved August 5, 2021, from
https://openoregon.pressbooks.pub/wrd/chapter/use-pre-reading-strategies/
3. A
Following written directions. It's important to follow written instructions carefully and in order so that you
don't make mistakes. Kelly didn't follow the directions for making milkshakes, so she ended up wasting
her restaurant's supplies on a milkshake that was made incorrectly. This is an example of the importance
of following written directions—not trusting your feelings, making up your own rules, or mistrusting written
directions.
SOURCE: CO:056 Apply written directions to achieve tasks
SOURCE: Morgan, H. (2017, September 29). Why is following directions so important? Retrieved
August 5, 2021, from https://classroom.synonym.com/why-is-following-directions-soimportant-12080577.html
4. B
Nod, smile, and maintain eye contact. Listeners can support and encourage speakers by nodding,
smiling, and maintaining eye contact with the speaker. Doing so demonstrates that the listener respects
and values what the speaker has to say. Looking down at the papers in front of him or, avoiding eye
contact and acting preoccupied would be disrespectful to Melissa. It would be inappropriate to laugh and
smile at everything Melissa says.
SOURCE: CO:082 Explain communication techniques that support and encourage a speaker
SOURCE: Helpguide.org. (2017). Effective communication. Retrieved August 5, 2021, from
https://www.helpguide.org/articles/relationships/effective-communication.htm
5. A
Don't rush. Remember that reading and following directions is not a race! It's important to take your time
and follow the steps provided. Even if you're in a hurry, like Carmen, rushing through directions can
actually end up taking more time if you have to spend time fixing your mistakes. It's important to accept
responsibility, know the end result, and go in order, but Carmen did not ignore these steps in this
example.
SOURCE: CO:119 Follow oral directions
SOURCE: Inc. (2018, July 31). Why rushing through tasks is killing your productivity. Retrieved August
5, 2021, from https://www.inc.com/wanda-thibodeaux/2-surprising-reasons-why-you-shoulddo-tasks-more-slowlydont-rush-through-to-do-lists.html

Test 1251

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

12

6. B
Listen with empathy. Empathy is the ability to put oneself in another person's place. Listening with
empathy helps the listener understand the speaker's point of view. You should stand a reasonable
distance from the speaker. Standing too close may be interpreted as aggressiveness. If you are thinking
about what you will say next, you may not hear everything that the speaker says. Background noise
exists in all environments and cannot be eliminated.
SOURCE: CO:017 Demonstrate active listening skills
SOURCE: Lehman, C., Dufrene, D., & Walker, D. (2020). BCON (10th ed.) [p. 29]. Boston, MA:
Cengage Learning, Inc.
7. B
May not be interpreted accurately. There are several interpretations for each form of nonverbal
communication. If the listener misinterprets what they see, communication will be inaccurate. For
example, folding your arms across your chest could mean that you have reservations about what you are
hearing, you disagree with it, you are displeased, or you are defiant. Nonverbal communication is more
common than many people realize, and many successful leaders practice nonverbal communication
skills.
SOURCE: CO:059 Interpret others' nonverbal cues
SOURCE: Guffey, M.E., & Loewy, D. (2019). Essentials of business communication (11th ed.) [Lesson
1-3]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
8. B
Potential problems. Objectivity involves evaluating something without bias. To evaluate without bias, you
should look at the situation from different points of view and evaluate the positives and negatives of the
ideas presented. Developing a pros-and-cons list can help you identify possible benefits and problems
associated with an idea. Conducting research (e.g., market research, competitive analysis) and obtaining
facts to support an idea may or may not be necessary.
SOURCE: CO:061 Defend ideas objectively
SOURCE: Anderson, P. (n.d.). Great leaders stay objective. Retrieved August 5, 2021, from
https://www.sigmaassessmentsystems.com/objectivity/
9. B
Name, organization, and phone number. Effective message taking is an important part of handling phone
calls in a businesslike manner. In order for Pablo's coworker to be able to return the phone call, Pablo
needs to ask for and write down the caller's name, the name of the organization that the caller works for,
and the caller's phone number. The message taker should obtain the caller's full (first and last) name
because it is possible that the caller's organization has more than one employee with the same first or
last name. The caller's zip code and address are not critical information to record when taking a phone
message.
SOURCE: CO:114 Handle telephone calls in a businesslike manner
SOURCE: Guffey, M.E., & Loewy, D. (2019). Essentials of business communication (11th ed.)
[Lesson11-3b]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
10. B
Active listening. To take meaningful notes, you must listen to what the speaker is saying. To pick up on
the key points, you must actively listen. Effective note-taking does not involve capturing every detail of
the presentation, nor does it involve the use of creative thinking techniques. And although it may be
helpful for some individuals, effective notes do not need to be formatted as an outline.
SOURCE: CO:085 Utilize note-taking strategies
SOURCE: Miami University. (n.d.). Note-taking and active listening. Retrieved August 5, 2021, from
https://miamioh.instructure.com/courses/62085/pages/note-taking-and-active-listening

Test 1251

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

13

11. A
Pie chart. If Alma wants to illustrate her budget by showing parts in relation to the whole, she should use
a pie chart. A table is a visual way of displaying information in rows and columns. A bar graph shows
values across categories. Line graphs usually depict information over time. Although Alma might want to
use these types of graphics for other parts of her presentation, the pie chart is the best way to show how
the parts of her budget add up to form the whole.
SOURCE: CO:087 Select and use appropriate graphic aids
SOURCE: Cothran, H.M., Farnsworth, D., & Clark, J.L. (2015, October). Business retention and
expansion (BRE) programs: Preparing a written report of survey findings and
recommendations. Retrieved August 5, 2021, from https://edis.ifas.ufl.edu/fe657
12. D
In a memo. Memos are typically used to inform or persuade an internal audience. Since Maria wants to
inform the employees about insurance policy changes, writing a memo is an ideal choice. Maria should
not communicate this information verbally, since it will be useful for the employees to have a record of the
information. Typically, letters are written for an external audience, so a letter wouldn't be appropriate for
the information Maria needs to share. Although Maria may consider sending a formal email, she'll want to
avoid sending an informal email to her coworkers about something as important as insurance policy
changes.
SOURCE: CO:088 Select and utilize appropriate formats for professional writing
SOURCE: The Business Communication. (n.d.). What is an office memo or memorandum? Retrieved
August 5, 2021, from https://thebusinesscommunication.com/what-is-office-memo-ormemorandum/
13. D
Write “please” and “thank you” when necessary. It's important to be polite when writing professional
emails. This means using “please” and “thank you” when necessary. You should avoid using all capitals,
as this can make your recipient(s) think that you are angry. Your email should be brief, not as long as
possible. You should get to your main point immediately, as some recipients may not read your entire
email.
SOURCE: CO:090 Write professional emails
SOURCE: Gillett, R., & Smith, J. (2016, September 7). 19 unprofessional email habits that make
everyone hate you. Retrieved August 5, 2021, from https://www.businessinsider.com/bademail-habits-that-make-you-look-unprofessional-2016-9
14. B
Informative message. The purpose of an informative message is to provide the recipient with knowledge,
facts, or data. A letter stating that a business will be offering discounts on certain products for a specific
time frame is providing the message recipient with knowledge and facts about a sale. A letter of inquiry is
a request for information. Instructions provide information about the process or activities needed to
complete an activity. The example provides facts rather than personal opinions.
SOURCE: CO:039 Write informational messages
SOURCE: CCom101. (n.d.). Informative business messages. Retrieved August 5, 2021, from
https://course.oeru.org/ccom101/learning-pathways/business-writing-in-action/informativebusiness-messages/

Test 1251

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

14

15. B
Fired. An individual's "personal brand" on social media can either positively or negatively influence a
company and its ability to achieve its organizational goals. If an individual publicly tweets negative
comments about their company, they are likely to be fired, not promoted. Employees serve as unofficial
brand ambassadors for their companies, so it is important that they represent their company well at all
times—even online. An individual who publicly tweets negative comments about their company may be
laughed at, but it is more likely that they would be fired. It is unlikely that an employee would be
prosecuted for publicly tweeting negative comments about their company, since this behavior is protected
under free speech laws.
SOURCE: CO:205 Describe the impact of a person's social media brand on the achievement of
organizational objectives
SOURCE: Glassdoor. (2016, November 29). Is it illegal to criticize your employer on social media?
Retrieved August 5, 2021, from https://www.glassdoor.com/blog/is-it-illegal-to-criticize-youremployer-on-social-media/
16. D
Defining the problem. Understanding and agreeing upon the details of the problem at hand are crucial to
eventually developing a feasible and effective solution. This step must be done before any causes or
solutions can be discussed. Assessing solutions, determining causes, and implementing solutions are all
steps in the group decision-making process, but they cannot be done until the problem has been defined.
SOURCE: CO:067 Participate in problem-solving groups
SOURCE: The University of Iowa. (2021). 8-step problem solving process. Retrieved August 5, 2021,
from https://hr.uiowa.edu/development/organizational-development/lean/8-step-problemsolving-process
17. A
Yes, employees should be well informed and able to help customers. One good way to have a customer
service mindset is to be well informed about all aspects of a business. Although it is good to call a
customer by their name, if known, this is not always possible. Employees often have brief conversations
with customers. They should pay attention to customers regardless of how busy they are.
SOURCE: CR:004 Demonstrate a customer service mindset
SOURCE: Hudson, M. (2018, May 23). How product knowledge can increase sales. Retrieved August
5, 2021, from https://www.thebalancesmb.com/benefits-of-product-knowledge-2890302
18. B
Reduce misunderstanding and ill will. Clear business policies that are consistently enforced reduce
misunderstandings that often cause bad feelings. In this case, the second customer may resent being
treated differently than Mrs. Garcia and decide to shop elsewhere. Business policies are used to guide
employee actions, not customer actions. Business policies are intended to ensure that all customers are
treated the same. Business policies are intended to provide fair and consistent treatment of customers.
SOURCE: CR:007 Interpret business policies to customers/clients
SOURCE: Leonard, K. (2018, August 20). Importance of business policy. Retrieved August 5, 2021,
from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/importance-business-policy-10199.html
19. C
The salesperson provided inaccurate information. Product returns are costly to a business, but
businesses can take steps to lower product return rates. Because salespeople are in contact with
customers, they can lower return rates by learning about the business's products and applying that
knowledge to provide customers with accurate information. Businesses can help salespeople gain
product knowledge by providing product training. By training salespeople about products, businesses can
reduce the risks associated with salespeople giving incorrect product information, as described in the
example provided. There is not enough information provided to determine if the product was defective or
labeled incorrectly or if the salesperson used high-pressure sales tactics.
SOURCE: CR:010 Handle customer/client complaints
SOURCE: Chargeback Gurus. (2021, June 18). The 12 most common reasons for returns. Retrieved
August 5, 2021, from https://www.chargebackgurus.com/blog/return-reasons

Test 1251

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

15

20. B
Communicate its commitment to meeting customers' expectations. When a company develops a brand
promise, it is easier to promote the company's products because consumers recognize the company's
commitment to deliver a certain level of quality or service. A brand promise does not ensure that all of a
company's products will meet customers' expectations. Companies use trademarks to protect their brand
names and symbols. A licensing agreement is a legal agreement by a company to allow another
company to use its brand or brand mark for a fee. Developing a brand promise is not directly related to
obtaining trademarks or establishing licensing agreements.
SOURCE: CR:001 Identify company's brand promise
SOURCE: Frederiksen, L. (2020, April 27). Elements of a successful brand 4: Brand promise. Retrieved
August 5, 2021, from https://hingemarketing.com/blog/story/elements-of-a-successful-brand4-brand-promise1
21. C
Communicate the company's service-quality expectations to employees. Image management involves
the effective use of touchpoints—all of the opportunities that a company has to connect with its
customers and reinforce its brand. A company's employees are touchpoints because they interact with
customers. Customers often base their impressions of a business—positive and negative—on the
interactions they have with the company's employees. Therefore, the company must train employees to
provide the service levels that the company expects them to provide customers, which in turn reinforces
the company's image. Businesses may offer stock options, profit sharing, and bonuses as part of their
benefits packages. Production planning is determining how products will be produced and in what
amounts. Reorganizing involves changing or restructuring the way the company will do its work.
SOURCE: CR:002 Determine ways of reinforcing the company's image through employee performance
SOURCE: Klarskov, L. (2021). The makings of a successful customer service manager. Retrieved
August 9, 2021, from https://www.dixa.com/blog/the-makings-of-a-successful-customerservice-manager/
22. B
A plow. Capital goods are manufactured or constructed goods used in the production of other goods or
services. A plow is constructed out of natural resources and other capital goods. Water and seeds are
natural resources. A farmhand is an example of a human resource.
SOURCE: EC:003 Explain the concept of economic resources
SOURCE: LAP-EC-903—Be Resourceful (Economic Resources)
23. A
Opportunity. The opportunity cost of a decision is the benefit that is lost when you decide to use scarce
resources for one purpose rather than for another. In Owen's case, the opportunity cost is the loss of the
potential benefit of the sweatshirt. Holding cost is the cost to keep inventory in stock. Marginal cost is the
change in cost that occurs when there is a change in output. Menu cost encompasses the expenses
involved in changing prices.
SOURCE: EC:001 Describe the concepts of economics and economic activities
SOURCE: LAP-EC-006—Are You Satisfied? (Economics and Economic Activities)
24. D
Form. An example of form utility would be turning cotton into fabric. Place utility is usefulness created by
making goods or services available at the place where they are needed or wanted by consumers. Time
utility means to make products available at the time they are needed or wanted by consumers.
Possession utility is created when ownership of a good is transferred from the seller to the person who
will use it.
SOURCE: EC:004 Determine economic utilities created by business activities
SOURCE: LAP-EC-013—Use It (Economic Utility)

Test 1251

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

16

25. D
By comparing relative prices. Relative prices refer to one price compared to another, that is, to the ratio
between them. Producers answer the question of what to produce by comparing relative prices. For
example, a farmer might decide to switch from hogs to beef cattle if it would be more profitable to
produce beef. Producers do not answer the question of what to produce by rationing goods and services,
buying more resources, or developing incentives.
SOURCE: EC:006 Describe the functions of prices in markets
SOURCE: LAP-EC-012—When More Is Less (Functions of Prices)
26. D
Angel investor. "Angel" investors put money into startup businesses to get them off the ground. These
investors look for long-term growth in return for their risky investments. In this example, the wealthy
business owner is an angel investor—not a debt financer, financial advisor, or business analyst. If the
business owner was a debt financer, they would be lending money to Ricky with the expectation that he
would pay it back. If the business owner was a financial advisor or business analyst, they would be
providing financial advice or recommendations.
SOURCE: EC:071 Describe types of business activities
SOURCE: LAP-EC-071—Strictly Business (Business Activities)
27. C
Profit and competition. A private enterprise economic system is one in which individuals and groups own
or control the economic resources used to produce goods and services. In a private enterprise system,
businesses strive for profits by being better than the competition. These are two factors that encourage
business growth by motivating businesses to be innovative and efficient. Governmental regulations do
not drive business growth in a private enterprise economy. Risk and price are factors that are involved in
a private enterprise economy, but they do not necessarily drive business growth.
SOURCE: EC:009 Explain the concept of private enterprise
SOURCE: LAP-EC-015—People Power (The Private Enterprise System)
28. A
Transferring. Contractual agreements, such as warranties, are one way to transfer risks to another
person or business. This option enables businesses to move forward with their decisions without bearing
the risks involved. Marlon might not be able to afford to pay for a new oven if this one breaks, but
because he's transferred the risk to the oven company, he knows the company will replace it if he has
any problems. Avoiding risk is demonstrated by not taking a chance, as a risk not encountered presents
no danger. Preventing or controlling a risk happens when a business takes measures to prevent or
reduce the risk. Businesses retain a risk if they do nothing to reduce or eliminate it.
SOURCE: EC:011 Determine factors affecting business risk
SOURCE: LAP-EC-003—Lose, Win, or Draw (Business Risk)
29. A
It helps you manage your emotions. Emotional intelligence is the ability to recognize and manage
emotions in yourself and others. It doesn't have anything to do with being an emotional person—a person
who cries easily and one who never shows their emotions can have the same level of emotional
intelligence. "Book smarts" aren't the same as emotional intelligence—the term is typically used to
describe IQ, or a person's cognitive ability. Many people feel that emotional intelligence may actually be
the best predictor of success in life. A person with emotional intelligence has many of the characteristics
necessary for success, like problem-solving skills, flexibility, and the ability to get along with others.
SOURCE: EI:001 Describe the nature of emotional intelligence
SOURCE: LAP-EI-001—EQ and You (Emotional Intelligence)

Test 1251

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

17

30. B
Our instinct to categorize people and things keeps us safe. Paying attention to the differences and
similarities between ourselves and others is a part of human nature. We sort people and things into
categories so we can fill gaps in our knowledge and respond quickly to situations based on what we have
experienced before. Traffic lights are an example of this phenomenon. This example does not depict how
we struggle to understand the nuances of human behavior, how stereotypes are always negative and
insulting to others, or how everyone is affected by unconscious bias.
SOURCE: EI:017 Recognize and overcome personal biases and stereotypes
SOURCE: LAP-EI-917—Don't Jump to Conclusions! (Recognizing and Overcoming Personal Biases
and Stereotypes)
31. A
Sending a letter of application. Initiative is the willingness to act without being told to do so. Since
applicants for entry-level positions do not often write letters of application, sending one requires the
applicant to display initiative. Completing application blanks, attending interviews, and having physical
examinations do not require initiative, since they are often arranged by employers.
SOURCE: EI:024 Demonstrate initiative
SOURCE: LAP-EI-240—Hustle! (Taking Initiative at Work)
32. B
Tell your classmates to stop talking about your friend, and defend your friend. Loyalty is faithfulness and
devotion to a person or an ideal. Being loyal means sticking by your coworkers, family, and friends, even
when it is challenging to do so. If your friend is the subject of gossip, you should stand up for them.
Simply ignoring your classmates does not demonstrate loyalty or integrity. If your friend asks what was
said about them, you should be honest, but you do not need to tell them every hurtful comment. Finally,
joining the conversation to prevent yourself from becoming the subject of gossip does not show loyalty or
integrity.
SOURCE: EI:022 Demonstrate honesty and integrity
SOURCE: LAP-EI-138—Sincerely Yours (Demonstrating Honesty and Integrity)
33. C
Passed over for promotions. Most businesses try to act in an ethical manner, and they expect their
employees to also behave ethically. Employees who behave unethically on the job may harm themselves
by being passed over for promotions even if they are well qualified. Coworkers and supervisors often
notice other employees' unethical behavior and may lose respect for them because of it. These
employees may be passed over for promotions because their supervisors do not trust them to do the
right thing, particularly in higher level positions that give them more authority. Employees are not harmed
by attending training programs or being rotated to similar positions. Unethical behavior is not necessarily
illegal.
SOURCE: EI:004 Demonstrate ethical work habits
SOURCE: LAP-EI-004—Work Right (Demonstrating Ethical Work Habits)
34. D
Getting along with others. When a person fails to take responsibility for decisions and actions, they will
likely experience difficulty getting along with others. No one is perfect, but a pattern of irresponsibility and
breaking commitments can make interpersonal relationships difficult. Failing to take responsibility for
decisions and actions will not necessarily make it more difficult to understand math homework, create
goals (though it will make it harder to achieve them!), or choose a college.
SOURCE: EI:075 Take responsibility for decisions and actions
SOURCE: LAP-EI-075—It's Up to You (Taking Responsibility for Decisions and Actions)
35. C
Being fair. Fairness means treating others the way that you'd like to be treated. Creating equal
relationships encourages other people to trust you. People will be more likely to trust you if they know
you treat everyone equally. Keeping promises, communicating often and openly, and taking responsibility
for her mistakes are important techniques, but Siobhan is not demonstrating them in this example.
SOURCE: EI:128 Build trust in relationships
SOURCE: LAP-EI-128—Trust in Me (Building Trust in Relationships)

Test 1251

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

18

36. C
Respect. Ethical people always honor the rights, freedoms, views, and property of others. This means not
taking things that don’t belong to you. Transparency means being truthful when you communicate.
People who are accountable for their actions accept responsibility for all their decisions. Being
trustworthy means doing what you say you will do and telling the truth. While these are all important
ethical principles, they are not illustrated in Tori’s example.
SOURCE: EI:125 Recognize and respond to ethical dilemmas
SOURCE: LAP-EI-125—Make the Right Choice (Recognizing and Responding to Ethical Dilemmas)
37. A
Procrastination. Procrastination is putting off until tomorrow what could have been done today. One
reason employees procrastinate is because they don't like doing certain tasks, so they put those tasks off
until the last possible moment. All tasks—even those that are not enjoyable—are commitments that
employees must manage to perform their jobs efficiently and to help the company achieve its goals.
There is no indication that Hannah lacks competence, self-esteem, or cultural awareness.
SOURCE: EI:077 Manage commitments in a timely manner
SOURCE: LAP-EI-077—Commit to It! (Managing Commitments in a Timely Manner)
38. C
Optimistic. An individual with a high tolerance for ambiguity is willing to take action despite having
incomplete information or a clear direction. This individual tends to be confident and optimistic that things
will work out regardless of the amount of information that they have when making a decision. Flexibility is
also a key characteristic of individuals with a high tolerance for ambiguity. Flexible people understand
that they may need to make changes if it appears that a decision or course of action is not working.
Routine-oriented people tend to be uncomfortable with change. Detail-oriented people tend to itemize
things and want to have all of the information available before they take action. Emotions are feelings
about a situation (e.g., joy, sorrow, love, anger).
SOURCE: EI:092 Develop tolerance for ambiguity
SOURCE: LAP-EI-092—Embrace the Unknown (Developing a Tolerance for Ambiguity)
39. D
Indifferent. The salespeople are displaying indifference, or a lack of interest. Negative people are often
indifferent and show little interest in their own activities or the activities of others. Salespeople with a
positive attitude would be interested in their jobs and interested in helping customers. A pessimistic
attitude is a gloomy outlook—expecting the worst. Salespeople who have a constructive attitude are
helpful and useful.
SOURCE: EI:019 Exhibit a positive attitude
SOURCE: LAP-EI-003—Opt for Optimism (Positive Attitude)
40. A
Get along with their coworkers. Today's workplace is more diversified than ever before. We may not fully
understand our coworkers, because of the differences in our backgrounds. Empathy helps in this
situation because it motivates us to look for similarities instead of focusing on differences. Empathy is not
necessarily a factor in effective planning or career advancement.
SOURCE: EI:030 Show empathy for others
SOURCE: LAP-EI-030—Have a Heart (Showing Empathy for Others)
41. A
Presents only relevant information. Conciseness is presenting the facts clearly. A concise statement is
clear and specific, rather than vague. Concise statements do not contain many adjectives. Being concise
is the opposite of being wordy.
SOURCE: EI:007 Explain the nature of effective communications
SOURCE: LAP-EI-140—More Than Just Talk (Effective Communication)

Test 1251

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

19

42. A
Withdrawal. Conflict response mode refers to the manner in which a person reacts when a disagreement
occurs. Maggie's conflict response mode involves ignoring the conflict by withdrawing and avoiding
contact with Frank. Ignoring a situation, or pretending that it doesn't exist, cannot resolve the conflict and
can increase Maggie's stress levels because she may be always thinking of ways to avoid Frank. The
yielding response mode involves giving the other person what they want, and the negotiating response
mode involves a compromise. Forcing is using physical or emotional responses such as throwing
punches or using offensive language.
SOURCE: EI:015 Use conflict-resolution skills
SOURCE: LAP-EI-007—Stop the Madness (Conflict Resolution in Business)
43. C
Refusing to spread false rumors around the office. One of the best ways to neutralize the negative effects
of office politics is by refusing to spread false rumors. Rumors and gossip can contribute to feelings of
distrust and vulnerability among employees, especially when the rumors are unfounded. Employees do
not have to stay to themselves or avoid forming relationships at work; however, they should focus on
building positive relationships built on trust and honesty. Sharing concerns about the workplace can be
productive and improve office life.
SOURCE: EI:109 Explain the nature of office politics
SOURCE: Mind Tools Content Team. (1996-2019). 7 ways to use office politics positively. Retrieved
August 9, 2021, from https://www.mindtools.com/pages/article/newCDV_85.htm
44. D
Permanent results. Personal vision is the future that you want to create. It involves creating positive
change through hard work over the long term. For example, Martin Luther King Jr. had a vision in which
his children would have equal rights with all Americans. His vision was to end racism, and he took many
steps to make his vision come true. Due to his efforts, people's attitudes changed, and laws were
established to protect and ensure all people's rights, which created permanent results from his vision.
When working toward a personal vision, a person may experience setbacks and challenges, such as
limited resources. Not all of the results of visions can be measured because they often affect others on a
personal and intangible level.
SOURCE: EI:063 Determine personal vision
SOURCE: LAP-EI-063—Picture This! (Determining Personal Vision)
45. A
More open to new experiences. People who are inspired are generally more open to new experiences
than those who are not inspired. Inspired people are also generally more absorbed in their work, more
intrinsically motivated, and more satisfied with their life.
SOURCE: EI:133 Inspire others
SOURCE: LAP-EI-133—A Force for Good (Inspiring Others)
46. B
Persistence. Accomplishing goals is never easy—that's why it's important for achievement-oriented
people to be persistent. They don't give up when the going gets tough. Instead, they work even harder to
achieve their goals. People with a high achievement orientation are not impatient, ruthless, or
irresponsible.
SOURCE: EI:027 Develop an achievement orientation
SOURCE: LAP-EI-027—High Hopes (Developing an Achievement Orientation)
47. C
A person who uses critical thinking to evaluate a situation. A person who uses critical thinking to consider
the validity of a situation and considers various viewpoints to determine the best and most logical way of
doing something is more likely to challenge the status quo. People who are benefiting from the status quo
usually resist or oppose a challenge to it. People who follow the crowd or view old ways as superior are
not likely to challenge the status quo.
SOURCE: EI:134 Challenge the status quo
SOURCE: LAP-EI-134—Unfollow the Crowd (Challenging the Status Quo)

Test 1251

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

20

48. D
Approachable. Coaching is enabling other people to reach their true potential by helping them overcome
barriers that are keeping them from doing so. To help others reach their true potential, effective coaches
show their concern for and support of others by being patient, dependable, and approachable.
Approachable coaches have the attitude and demeanor that says, "You can always talk to me. I am here
for you." A person who is distracted or overly critical of others is being insensitive to others' feelings and
is not exhibiting characteristics of an effective coach. Although an effective coach should have a pleasant
personality, they do not need to be amusing or entertaining.
SOURCE: EI:041 Coach others
SOURCE: LAP-EI-041—Bring Out the Best (Coach Others)
49. C
Characteristics, or traits. Personality is the combination of all of an individual's personal characteristics,
or traits. Each person is unique because the combination of their personal traits is different. A person's
ethnic heritage is the background a person was born into. Education is the amount of formal educational
teachings a person has had. A person's religion is their organized form of belief.
SOURCE: EI:036 Treat others with dignity and respect
SOURCE: LAP-EI-036—Everyone's Worthy (Treating Others With Dignity and Respect)
50. C
Several different sources. Thoroughly examining a viewpoint means making sure that you know the
specifics of each "side" of the debate so that you can make an informed decision. This means listening to
or reading information from several different sources instead of just one. It wouldn't help you to gather
information solely from people that agree with you, since you wouldn't gain any new perspectives that
way. It would also be unwise to gather information solely from politically affiliated sources since these
sources would likely be biased.
SOURCE: EI:136 Consider conflicting viewpoints
SOURCE: LAP-EI-136—Pick a Side (Considering Conflicting Viewpoints)
51. C
Convenience. Mobile payments allow you to make purchases using your mobile device rather than a
physical card. Mobile payments are convenient because you do not need to carry cards or a wallet—you
can simply tap your phone and authenticate the transaction. While mobile payments are convenient, they
are not necessarily accessible yet—many stores and sellers are not offering mobile payments at this
time. Mobile payments are also easier to track via smartphones, so they are less private. Finally, mobile
payments differ between phones and platforms, so the technology isn't standardized yet.
SOURCE: FI:058 Explain forms of financial exchange (cash, credit, debit, electronic funds transfer, etc.)
SOURCE: Harper, E. (2018, April 18). The pros and cons of mobile payment. Retrieved August 9, 2021,
from https://www.dealnews.com/features/The-Pros-and-Cons-of-MobilePayment/2206421.html
52. D
Medium of exchange. Money is accepted as payment for goods and services. This creates efficiency
because otherwise, people would have to rely on bartering. A double coincidence of wants occurs in a
bartering system when each party wants something that the other party is willing to barter. Although
money is also a unit of measure and a store of value, those functions are not illustrated in this example.
SOURCE: FI:060 Describe functions of money (medium of exchange, unit of measure, store of value)
SOURCE: Beggs, J. (2019, February 5). Properties and functions of money. Retrieved August 9, 2021,
from https://www.thoughtco.com/what-is-money-1147763

Test 1251

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

21

53. B
Increases your savings over your lifetime. Investing can help you build wealth and meet your financial
goals because it often increases the value of your money over time. Investing does not guarantee that
you will not lose any money; however, if you invest wisely, it is unlikely that you will suffer significant
losses overall. Investing does require money to begin, but it does not require a lot of money. You can
invest as little or as much as you would like. While investing can be a good way to ensure your future
financial health, it does not eliminate the need to save for retirement.
SOURCE: FI:062 Explain the time value of money
SOURCE: Caldwell, M. (2021, June 4). How to begin to build wealth. Retrieved August 9, 2021, from
https://www.thebalance.com/how-do-i-begin-to-build-wealth-2386145
54. A
Unattainable. It's a good idea to set goals that are SMART—specific, measurable, achievable, resultsoriented and relevant, and timely. Rachel's goal of saving $100,000 over five years may be attainable for
someone with a higher income or fewer expenses, but it is not realistic for Rachel. Her goal is timely,
relevant, and measurable, however—but since it is not realistic, it's unlikely that Rachel will be able to
achieve it.
SOURCE: FI:065 Set financial goals
SOURCE: InCharge Debt Solutions. (2021). How to set financial goals: 6 simple steps. Retrieved
August 9, 2021, from https://www.incharge.org/financial-literacy/budgeting-saving/how-toset-financial-goals/
55. B
Employers sometimes match employees' contributions. Many employers will match an employee's
contribution to their savings account up to a certain amount each year. As a result, individuals essentially
earn "free money" for their retirement, simply by saving. Although contributing to a retirement account is
a good way to ensure future financial health, it does not guarantee financial security. Governments do not
typically offer loan relief as a reward for saving. Retirement account holders do not accumulate rewards
points for saving.
SOURCE: FI:270 Explain the need to save and invest
SOURCE: CNN Money. (2018). What is a matching contribution? Retrieved August 9, 2021, from
https://money.cnn.com/retirement/guide/401k_basics.moneymag/index9.htm
56. D
Net pay. Net pay represents the amount the check is written for after taxes and deductions have been
subtracted. Gross pay represents the total amount earned before taxes and deductions have been
subtracted. Overtime pay and regular pay represent earnings at different rates before taxes and
deductions.
SOURCE: FI:068 Interpret a pay stub
SOURCE: Kappel, M. (2019, February 25). Your guide to take-home pay. Retrieved August 12, 2021,
from https://www.patriotsoftware.com/blog/payroll/understanding-take-home-pay/
57. C
Endorsing. Signing the back of a check is considered endorsing it. Lalita must do this if she wants to
deposit the check into her account. You keep track of checks in a check register. Lalita did not write the
check. Instead, the person who gave her the check wrote it. Lalita is not making a withdrawal.
SOURCE: FI:560 Prepare bank account documents (e.g., checks, deposit/withdrawal slips,
endorsements, etc.)
SOURCE: Pritchard, J. (2021, March 3). How to endorse checks. Retrieved August 9, 2021, from
https://www.thebalance.com/how-to-endorse-checks-315300

Test 1251

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

22

58. A
Annual percentage rate. The annual percentage rate (APR) is the interest paid on the portion of the bill
Sheila does not pay each month. An annual fee is a once-a-year payment made to the credit card
company that permits the person to use the company's credit card. A late fee is issued when a person
does not submit any payment at all by the monthly due date. An overdraft fee is charged by a bank when
a customer writes a check for more money than is in their checking account.
SOURCE: FI:071 Demonstrate the wise use of credit
SOURCE: Fernando, J. (2021, June 30). Annual percentage rate (APR). Retrieved August 9, 2021,
from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/a/apr.asp
59. C
Contact the appropriate credit bureau. Isaiah should first contact the credit bureau that gathered the
information for the report to determine if the bureau made a keying error. If the credit bureau did not
make a mistake, then Isaiah should contact the bank to get the information corrected. After the bank
makes the correction, the credit bureau can correct his credit report. Contacting a local business
association or a federal banking agency (e.g., U.S. Federal Reserve or Bank of Canada) is not an
appropriate action for Isaiah to take to get his credit report changed.
SOURCE: FI:072 Validate credit history
SOURCE: Fair Isaac Corporation. (2001-2021). How do I correct errors on my credit reports? Retrieved
August 9, 2021, from https://www.myfico.com/resources/credit-education/faq/creditreports/correcting-credit-report-errors
60. A
Limit the number of credit cards you have. One step you can take to avoid identity theft is to limit the
number of credit cards you have. The fewer credit accounts you have in your name, the easier it will be
for you to keep track of your activity—and to identify any suspicious purchases. It is unwise to give out
your bank account number by phone unless you can absolutely verify that the call is legitimate. Similarly,
you should not open emails unless you can verify who the sender is. Carrying personal documents
around with you is not a good idea, since someone could easily steal them.
SOURCE: FI:073 Protect against identity theft
SOURCE: Hampshire, K. (2021, April 14). 10 ways to prevent identity theft. Retrieved August 9, 2021,
from https://www.usnews.com/360-reviews/identity-theft-protection/10-ways-to-preventidentity-theft
61. D
The lack of paper is good for the environment. Online bills eliminate the need for paper, which saves
trees and benefits the environment. Automatic online bill pay ensures that bills are paid promptly when
due. However, with automatic online bill pay, it is more difficult to keep track of payments because you do
not have to physically take action to pay the bill, so you might be less aware that the payment is
happening. Furthermore, with automatic online bill pay, bank accounts can be overdrawn if you do not
pay attention to the amount of money in your account.
SOURCE: FI:565 Pay bills
SOURCE: Peoples, J. (2019, December 22). 7 clear advantages of electronic bill payments. Retrieved
August 23, 2021, from https://www.billry.com/blog/7-clear-advantages-of-electronic-billpayments
62. D
The lender; taking a risk. Interest is the cost of borrowing money. Lenders receive interest as
compensation for assuming the risk that the borrower will repay the amount due. With every loan, there is
a chance that the borrower won't pay it back. Interest is not compensation for the borrower. Interest is
also not related to avoiding bad investments.
SOURCE: FI:782 Calculate the cost of credit
SOURCE: Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis. (2021). Paying & receiving interest. Retrieved August 9,
2021, from
https://www.econlowdown.org/interest?module_uid=125&section_uid=325&page_num=3289
&p=yes

Test 1251

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

23

63. C
Credit union. A credit union is a nonprofit financial cooperative set up to provide savings and credit
services to its members, who own the credit union. An investment bank is a financial intermediary that
underwrites securities and facilitates mergers. Brokers trade stocks. Full-service brokers usually charge
the highest commissions because they provide in-house research and personalized investment
guidance. Because discount brokers offer fewer services than full-service brokers, they have lower
commissions.
SOURCE: FI:075 Describe types of financial-services providers
SOURCE: Prichard, J. (2021, May 24). Banks vs. credit unions. Retrieved August 9, 2021, from
https://www.thebalance.com/bank-vs-credit-union-315399
64. A
Copayment. Health insurance covers such medical expenses as hospital bills, doctors' fees, and lab
charges. Employers negotiate contracts with health insurance companies to obtain favorable or
discounted group rates. Depending on the terms of the contract, the employers and employees pay a
portion of the health insurance premium. A copayment is a predetermined out-of-pocket expense that the
insured (employee) often pays at the time of service to cover a portion of the health care provider's fee.
The balance of the health care provider's fee is applied to the employee's annual deductible or is covered
by the insurance company after the deductible has been met. A surrender charge is a fee charged to a
policyholder by a life insurance company when the insurance policy or annuity is surrendered or waivered
for its cash value.
SOURCE: FI:081 Describe the concept of insurance
SOURCE: Kagan, J. (2021, July 19). Co-pay. Retrieved August 9, 2021, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/copay.asp#axzz1nDRJFkES
65. D
To identify trends. Through financial-information analysis, businesses can recognize what products are
selling well and in what colors, styles, models, and sizes. Over time, this helps businesses spot trends in
customer buying habits so that the businesses provide more of the products customers are buying and
less of those that are not selling well. Selling strategies are largely determined by the nature of the
product being sold rather than by financial information. Focus groups are used to collect customer
reactions to and opinions about product features or company image. Businesses function in economic
systems rather than creating them.
SOURCE: FI:579 Describe the need for financial information
SOURCE: Johnston, K. (2021). How do businesses utilize financial statements? Retrieved August 9,
2021, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/businesses-utilize-financial-statements80484.html
66. C
Return on capital. Return on capital is a measure of how well a business generates cash flow. It is a key
component of managing working capital. Accounts receivable refers to money owed to the business by
others. Capital structure refers to a business’s mix of financing. Accounts payable refers to the money the
business owes to others.
SOURCE: FI:354 Explain the role of finance in business
SOURCE: LAP-FI-354—Money Matters (Role of Finance)
67. C
New hires often have questions that they feel uncomfortable asking their managers. New employees are
often embarrassed to ask their managers questions such as "Where do employees usually eat lunch?"
"Are these shoes appropriate for work?" etc. When given the opportunity to spend time with veteran staff
members who are not part of management, though, new hires feel much more comfortable asking those
questions. Managers, not regular staff members, are usually more knowledge about compensation.
Managers are also more likely to require new hires to develop performance goals. Even if other
employees help orient new hires, managers are still expected to meet with the new workers.
SOURCE: HR:360 Orient new employees
SOURCE: Indeed. (2021). New employee training: Do's and don'ts for every manager. Retrieved
August 9, 2021, from https://www.indeed.com/hire/c/info/new-employee-training

Test 1251

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

24

68. A
Channel management. The channel management function is responsible for identifying, selecting,
monitoring, and evaluating sales channels, also known as channels of distribution. Effective channel
management is often a key to a business's success because it puts products in the customers' hands.
Channel management helps businesses answer questions such as "Who will offer the products?" and
"Where will the products be offered?" The selling function involves determining client needs and wants
and responding through planned, personalized communication that influences purchase decisions and
enhances future business opportunities. The purpose of the promotion function is to communicate
information about goods, services, images, and/or ideas to achieve a desired outcome. Product/Service
management involves obtaining, developing, maintaining, and improving a product or service mix in
response to market opportunities.
SOURCE: MK:002 Describe marketing functions and related activities
SOURCE: LAP-MK-001—Work the Big Seven (Marketing Functions)
69. A
Current. Part of researching is determining the type of information you need. If you are researching the
latest developments in vaccines, you should focus on current information sources, like current
magazines, recent newspapers, reputable websites, and recently published books. If you were
researching something about history, you would focus on historical information sources. You don't
necessarily want to consult controversial information sources—instead, you should look for information
sources that are universally trusted. You do not want to rely on fictional information for a factual paper.
SOURCE: NF:077 Assess information needs
SOURCE: Old Dominion University. (2021, June 29). Information literacy tutorials. Retrieved August, 9,
2021, from http://guides.lib.odu.edu/informationliteracytutorials
70. C
An online article that was written last month by a well-known marine biologist. An important consideration
when evaluating the usefulness, validity, and timeliness of written information is the topic at hand and the
author's expertise. A marine biologist studies aquatic life forms, so an article written by this individual is
more likely to contain information about fish than a physics textbook, a retired brain surgeon's blog entry,
or a newsletter from an organization that studies the effects of air pollution.
SOURCE: NF:079 Evaluate quality and source of information
SOURCE: Southern Illinois University: School of Law Library. (n.d.). Evaluating websites and other
information resources. Retrieved August 9, 2021, from
http://www.law.siu.edu/lawlib/guides/eval.htm
71. D
Using a quotation to communicate product information. In this situation, the quotation provides the reader
with information about the product's purpose—to help students learn in new ways. The CEO may have
made the statement at a sales meeting, but there is not enough information provided to determine when
or where she said it. Because the statement is placed in quotation marks, it is written exactly as it was
spoken rather than paraphrased. A testimonial is a statement by an identified user of a product
proclaiming the benefits received from the use of the product. The statement does not provide any
information about the product's features, nor does it provide enough information to determine if the CEO
has actually used the new product to provide a testimonial.
SOURCE: NF:080 Apply information to accomplish a task
SOURCE: Simon Fraser University. (2021). Quoting. When and how to use quotations. Retrieved
August 9, 2021, from https://www.lib.sfu.ca/about/branches-depts/slc/writing/sources/quoting
72. C
Obsolete. Records can be either paper or digital. Paper records are stored in drawers, in cabinets, or on
shelves. Digital records, on the other hand, are stored in computer-related media such as flash drives,
networked storage servers, or discs. Unfortunately, some computer-related media, including CDs, have
become obsolete, outmoded, and inaccessible; many business owners, such as Chloe, no longer own
the older technology needed to access data stored in the obsolete media. CDs are not typically
destructive, networked, or decentralized.
SOURCE: NF:081 Store information for future use
SOURCE: Kyrnin, M. (2020, July 2). Death of the computer optical drive. Retrieved August 9, 2021,
from https://www.lifewire.com/death-of-the-computer-optical-drive-832403

Test 1251

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

25

73. A
Accurate. A business's information management system isn't very helpful if it contains inaccurate
information. While it is important for the information to be accessible to the right people, you don't
necessarily want everyone to have access. It could be a disaster if just anyone was able to see your
company's tax returns, accounting records, or customer lists. While much information in an effective
information system is likely to be quantitative or numerical in nature, some information is also bound to
be qualitative or based on opinion (e.g., customer comments). Abstract data or words describe things
which are not objects and may have different meanings to different people. Although some data may be
abstract, other data and information are concrete in nature (e.g., inventory records, sales reports, etc.).
SOURCE: NF:110 Discuss the nature of information management
SOURCE: LAP-NF-110—In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
74. B
Serves as a temporary holding area for files and programs. Random-access memory, or RAM, is a
temporary workspace that stores data and programs that the user is actively using. A computer
containing a lot of RAM enables users to open and work on several files and programs at one time. When
the user has finished working with a file or program, they save or store the information permanently on
the hard drive. The video card is a component of the system that converts code so the user can view
items on the computer monitor. The computer mouse is a tool that enables computer users to enter
commands.
SOURCE: NF:084 Discuss principles of computer systems
SOURCE: Martindale, J. (2021, March 28). What is RAM? Retrieved August 9, 2021, from
https://www.digitaltrends.com/computing/what-is-ram/
75. B
Managing his productivity by using scheduling applications. Calendar functions in email programs such
as Outlook help employees manage their work, which increases their productivity. The employee can
make notes in the calendar about meeting times, due dates for reports and projects, and other workrelated tasks. When the employee opens their email application, a reminder will appear on the date that
the activity occurs or the project is due. The calendar function is not used to store documents via cloud
computing applications or to review internet-based articles and papers. Jamal is not using project
management software to track personal activities.
SOURCE: NF:005 Demonstrate personal information management/productivity applications
SOURCE: Microsoft. (2019). Set or remove reminders. Retrieved August 9, 2021, from
https://support.office.com/en-us/article/set-or-remove-reminders-7a992377-ca93-4ddd-a711851ef3597925
76. D
Browsers. Browsers let you view web pages and other documents on the internet. Browsers "translate"
HTML-encoded files into web pages you can see, read, and watch. When Bill looks at web pages on
Firefox or Google Chrome, he's using a browser to access the internet. A uniform resource locator, or
URL, is a web document's unique address. Listservs are internet discussion groups that let you
participate in the conversation and view others' contributions via email. Search engines (such as Google,
Yahoo, or Bing) are databases full of websites that have been harvested and cached.
SOURCE: NF:006 Demonstrate basic web-search skills
SOURCE: Grauschopf, S. (2020, July 30). Internet browsers: A simple guide to how they work.
Retrieved August 9, 2021, from https://www.thebalanceeveryday.com/what-is-internetbrowser-892819

Test 1251

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

26

77. A
The same criteria. The query is the mechanism used to obtain the desired information from the database.
The desired information involves pulling records that have the same or matching criteria. For example, a
business that wants to obtain its customers' credit transactions from the state of Wisconsin for July 1,
2009, would set the query using the appropriate values for the credit, state, and date fields to pull all of
the records with the desired information. Some of the other information in various database fields may
differ or be dissimilar, such as the name and address of each customer. A query pulls specified
information rather than random statistics.
SOURCE: NF:009 Demonstrate basic database applications
SOURCE: Chapple, M. (2020, September 9). What is a database? Retrieved August 9, 2021, from
https://www.thoughtco.com/what-is-a-database-1019737
78. D
Download time. The file size of a graphic affects the amount of time that it takes to appear on the
computer screen. The larger the graphic, the more time it takes to download or appear on the computer
screen. If graphics are too large, computer users might exit the website because it takes too long for the
graphics to appear on the web page. The font size and descriptive links relate to text elements rather
than graphics. Log files are files that provide information about the activities of website visitors.
SOURCE: NF:042 Create and post basic web page
SOURCE: Craig, W. (n.d.). 10 tips for decreasing web page load times. Retrieved August 9, 2021, from
https://www.webfx.com/blog/web-design/decrease-webpage-load-times/
79. D
Logistics. Logistics refers to managing the flow of goods and services from production to consumption.
This includes all of the people, information, and processes involved in storing and transporting goods.
Operations managers must decide where and how to store goods as well as how and when to transport
them to customers. Scheduling is an operations activity that establishes the timetable to be followed in
production. It controls the flow of the entire production process. In quality inspection, products are
checked for defects after they've already been produced. The goal of quality assurance is to prevent
defective products from being created in the first place.
SOURCE: OP:189 Explain the nature of operations
SOURCE: LAP-OP-189—Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations)
80. B
Before using the equipment for the first time. If Jackie's equipment comes with written instructions, he
should read the instructions carefully prior to using any of the devices. By reading the instructions prior to
use, he is more likely to operate the equipment properly and safely. And, if he operates the equipment
properly and safely from the beginning, he is likely to save himself much time, energy, and trouble in the
long run. He should not wait until the equipment malfunctions or until he hires an employee to read the
instructions.
SOURCE: OP:006 Follow instructions for use of equipment, tools, and machinery
SOURCE: Mitchell, I. (2016, April 10). The operator's instruction book—It is important! Retrieved August
9, 2021, from https://www.pitchcare.com/news-media/the-operator-s-instruction-book.html
81. C
Insisting that businesses maintain safe, hazard-free workplaces. OSHA, a federal government agency,
writes and enforces safety standards for all businesses. Under OSHA, both employers and employees
have responsibilities to keep the work environment free of hazards. OSHA informs employers of the rules
and safety practices that employees need to follow. Employees are responsible for reporting job-related
injuries or illnesses to their supervisors, seeking medical attention as needed, and complying with their
business's safety rules.
SOURCE: OP:007 Follow safety precautions
SOURCE: Bonner, M. (2021, January 14). What is the occupational safety and health administration
(OSHA)? Retrieved August 9, 2021, from https://www.thebalancesmb.com/what-is-theoccupational-safety-and-health-administration-osha-5092188

Test 1251

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

27

82. A
Staying calm in emergency situations. It's important to remain calm and collected when dealing with
emergency situations at work. By maintaining her composure, Karen was able to escort her team away
from danger quickly and without complication. Karen did not ignore company protocol, follow the concept
of "every man for himself," or doubt the seriousness of the fire alarm. Instead, she took the threat
seriously and immediately led her coworkers away from the situation.
SOURCE: OP:010 Handle and report emergency situations
SOURCE: Ryser, S. (2019, August 13). How to keep your cool in an emergency. Retrieved August 9,
2021, from https://www.idahomedicalacademy.com/how-to-keep-your-cool-in-an-emergency/
83. B
Electronic article surveillance tags. Electronic article surveillance tags are attached to merchandise and
cannot be removed without special equipment. If customers try to remove the tags without paying for the
items, some of the tags spray ink on the merchandise. Other tags trigger an alarm if customers attempt to
leave without paying and having the tags properly removed. These tags are widely used and have
become effective deterrents to shoplifting. Other deterrents include guards and detectives, concealed
closed-circuit televisions, and fitting room staffs and mirrors, but these techniques are not as effective as
electronic article surveillance tags.
SOURCE: OP:013 Explain routine security precautions
SOURCE: Loss Prevention Media. (2019, July 26). Which electronic article surveillance technology is
your best defense against shrink? Retrieved August 9, 2021, from
https://losspreventionmedia.com/which-electronic-article-surveillance-technology-is-yourbest-defense-against-shrink-am-rf-or-rfid/
84. C
Observant. By staying alert, aware, and observant of your surroundings, you can help maintain
workplace security. This means paying attention to customers in the store, making sure customers are
visible, and being on the lookout for suspicious activity. Being distracted will heighten the risk of a
robbery or other security breach. Being a team player and being friendly are both important workplace
skills, but neither are helpful in this specific situation.
SOURCE: OP:152 Follow established security procedures/policies
SOURCE: Oklahoma Cyber Command. (n.d). Protecting your workplace: Why you are your
organization's greatest asset. Retrieved August 9, 2021, from
https://cybersecurity.ok.gov/protecting-your-workplace-why-you-are-your-organizationsgreatest-asset
85. A
It saves time and resources. If you monitor your project regularly, you'll save time and resources that you
might have otherwise wasted. Monitoring projects does not necessarily allow projects to go off track; in
fact, it keeps projects on track. Monitoring projects creates accountability rather than eliminating it.
Finally, monitoring projects does not necessarily make team members more competitive.
SOURCE: OP:520 Monitor projects and take corrective actions
SOURCE: LAP-OP-520—Check Your (Project) Pulse (Monitoring Projects and Taking Corrective
Actions)
86. B
Price quotations. In searching out and selecting suppliers, purchasers should obtain price and delivery
quotations from potential suppliers. These quotations should be analyzed and a vendor selected on the
basis of this analysis. Purchasers issue purchase orders to obtain goods. Purchasers should also
maintain resource files and have buying plans.
SOURCE: OP:015 Explain the nature and scope of purchasing
SOURCE: LAP-OP-015—Buy Right (Purchasing)

Test 1251

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

28

87. C
Forecasting. Forecasting is predicting how much of a product consumers will want to buy in a given
period of time. Forecasting is important because businesses do not want to produce many more products
than consumers will buy. Businesses consider such factors as previous sales and current economic
conditions in order to predict demand and decide how many products to produce. Scheduling establishes
the timetable to be followed in production. Budgeting is estimating what income and expenses will be for
a specific period of time. Transforming is turning raw materials into finished products.
SOURCE: OP:017 Explain the concept of production
SOURCE: LAP-OP-017—Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
88. B
Inventory management. Inventory management is the process of supervising and controlling the number
of finished products a company has in stock. Inventory is a balancing act—companies don't want to
overproduce or underproduce products. Customer service, cost management, and logistics management
are also important components of the supply chain, but they are not necessarily demonstrated in this
example.
SOURCE: OP:443 Explain the concept of supply chain
SOURCE: Murray, M. (2018, September 8). Creating a logistics strategy for your supply chain
management. Retrieved August 12, 2021, from https://www.thebalancesmb.com/creating-alogistics-strategy-supply-chain-management-2221277
89. C
Damaged workplace environment. When information about employee relations is not kept confidential,
negative consequences can occur. While disclosing information about a conflict is not illegal, it can be
damaging to the workplace culture and environment. People will feel that they cannot trust management,
and they will not feel unified or cooperative. Disclosing this type of confidential information will not
necessarily lead to loss of clients, costly lawsuits, or claims of workplace discrimination.
SOURCE: OP:441 Explain information privacy, security, and confidentiality considerations in business
SOURCE: SHRM. (2021). Why is confidentiality critical to human resources? Retrieved August 9, 2021,
from https://www.shrm.org/resourcesandtools/tools-and-samples/hrqa/pages/cms_017789.aspx
90. B
Hygiene. The ways in which you groom yourself daily directly impact your personal hygiene. Your
personal grooming habits are not likely to directly impact your education, skills, or relaxation.
SOURCE: PD:002 Maintain appropriate personal appearance
SOURCE: LAP-PD-002—Brand Me (Personal Appearance)
91. D
They made a good effort. When a person uses a decision-making model, they can trust that they are
making a good effort to make a decision by carefully evaluating all the alternatives available. There is no
way to ensure that a decision is actually the best choice or achieves success until after the decision has
been carried out and any potential effects have occurred. A person using a decision-making model does
not necessarily trust their intuition is right when making a decision.
SOURCE: PD:017 Make decisions
SOURCE: LAP-PD-017—Weigh Your Options (Decision-Making)
92. B
Penelope, who asked a successful veteran coworker to serve as her mentor. Employers expect their
employees to exhibit certain characteristics and behaviors. For example, they expect their employees to
possess good listening skills, work well with team members, be respectful, respond to requests for
information promptly, and have a positive attitude. Employees are more likely to meet their employer's
expectations if they look to others in the workplace for guidance and advice. A reliable, successful
veteran coworker can serve as a mentor to a new employee, sharing their wisdom and suggestions for
being an effective employee and meeting the employer's expectations for proper behavior. Charlene,
Dave, and Tim do not meet common employer expectations for employees.
SOURCE: PD:020 Analyze employer expectations in the business environment
SOURCE: Snell, S.A., & Morris, S.S. (2019). Managing human resources (18th ed.) [Lesson 5.4c].
Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.

Test 1251

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

29

93. B
Kayla follows the public relations director of a local company to learn about their career. Job shadowing
involves following an employee while they are working to gain insight about a specific occupation or
career. Job shadowing allows Kayla to watch a public relations professional's day-to-day work activities.
The experience may help Kayla decide if she would like to work in the public relations profession. Tom is
asking the advertising manager about professional organizations, which are groups that provide
businesspeople with professional development and networking opportunities. Delia wants to do volunteer
work, and Brian is setting up an exploratory interview, which is a meeting to gather information about a
specific topic.
SOURCE: PD:022 Identify sources of career information
SOURCE: Doyle, A. (2020, July 18), What is job shadowing? Retrieved August 9, 2021, from
https://www.thebalancecareers.com/what-is-job-shadowing-2062024
94. A
Accountant. Accountants spend much of their days independently, performing calculations, analyzing and
organizing data, and maintaining records. Accounting is a good career choice for many introverts who are
good with numbers, appreciate structure and routine, and prefer to work alone. Elementary school
teachers, marketing specialists, and public defense attorneys are all required to spend a significant
amount of time with other people—and rarely have structure or routine in their workdays. These careers
likely would not suit Kayla's personality.
SOURCE: PD:025 Explain employment opportunities in business
SOURCE: Garis, M.G. (2020, February 26). 10 careers for introverts where success doesn't require
feeling socially drained. Retrieved August 9, 2021, from
https://www.wellandgood.com/careers-for-introverts/
95. B
Operate their businesses entirely from their computers. Technological advancements and the internet
have made starting a business much more accessible for would-be entrepreneurs. In fact, many of these
businesses have no brick-and-mortar storefront at all—they're run entirely on the internet! More people
own home-based businesses than ever before, and any business with an Internet presence can reach a
large, often international, audience. Technological advancements do not reduce the need to maintain
financial records, eliminate the need to pay taxes, or allow entrepreneurs to run their businesses with
fewer computer skills.
SOURCE: PD:066 Explain career opportunities in entrepreneurship
SOURCE: LAP-PD-066—Own Your Own (Career Opportunities in Entrepreneurship)
96. A
I have skills that this company could use. Recognizing and appreciating your own skills gives you selfconfidence and helps you present yourself well in a job interview. All of the other alternatives represent
an overconfident or cocky attitude that is likely to make a negative impression on the interviewer.
SOURCE: PD:028 Interview for a job
SOURCE: Rose, A. (n.d.). How important is attitude in a job interview? Retrieved August 9, 2021, from
https://work.chron.com/important-attitude-job-interview-18776.html
97. D
Proofread the document for spelling errors. Professional-looking resumes are uncluttered, concise, and
error-free. A business that receives a resume with spelling and grammatical errors is likely to view the
applicant as a person who is not concerned with detail and accuracy. Attention to detail and accuracy are
usually qualities that businesses look for in job applicants. Therefore, before printing and submitting a
resume, the writer should carefully read the document to identify spelling and grammatical errors. It is
also a good idea for the writer to have other people look at the resume to ensure that they didn't overlook
any errors. Experts recommend beginning your resume with your name, contact information, and
professional goal(s). There is some debate about whether to include a photograph of yourself in your
resume; however, most experts do not recommend including one. Using colorful text may be distracting
to the reader.
SOURCE: PD:031 Prepare a resume
SOURCE: Vaas, L. (2016). How to proofread your resume. Retrieved August 9, 2021, from
https://www.theladders.com/career-advice/how-to-proofread-your-resume/

Test 1251

BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CORE EXAM—KEY

30

98. C
Doing volunteer work. One way to obtain work experience is by volunteering. Volunteer work involves
donating time without pay to complete tasks or projects, such as feeding, walking, and caring for stray
dogs and cats at an animal shelter. Internships involve training in which schools and businesses
cooperate to provide on-the-job practice for learners. Job shadowing involves observing an individual
perform their daily job activities in the workplace. There is not enough information provided to determine
if organizing a charitable event for the animal shelter is an aspect of Sally's volunteer work, if Sally
observes the veterinarians who work at the animal shelter, or if Sally's school arranged an internship.
SOURCE: PD:032 Describe techniques for obtaining work experience (e.g., volunteer activities,
internships)
SOURCE: Doyle, A. (2020, July 22). Volunteer to get valuable work experience. Retrieved August 9,
2021, from https://www.thebalancecareers.com/dream-job-timeline-2059455
99. D
In a company handbook. Many organizations provide all employees with an employee handbook,
manual, or training guide which contains all company policies and procedures. A company's internal
guidelines aren't likely to be posted on the company's public website. They may be posted in the
company cafeteria for quick reference, but it is more likely that they would be contained in a company
handbook or manual. Almost all companies have guidelines that are written down.
SOURCE: PD:250 Adhere to company protocols and policies
SOURCE: LAP-PD-250—Do You Follow? (Adhering to Company Protocols and Policies)
100. C
Be your personal map for career success. When followed properly, the chain of command can be your
personal map for career success—a step-by-step guide for navigating the complicated landscape of the
business world. Your company's chain of command cannot, however, help you discern your true purpose
in life, guide you toward better financial health, or reveal to you your hidden talents.
SOURCE: PD:252 Follow chain of command
SOURCE: LAP-PD-252—Don't Cheat the Chain (Following Chain of Command)

