1. A company that is being sued is given the opportunity to present evidence to defend itself. This is an aspect of
A. legal procedure.
B. legislative history.
C. personal rights.
D. business rules.

2. Ourway Airlines Inc. purchases many smaller airlines to grow its business. Which method is Ourway Airlines using?
A. Expansion
B. Merger
C. Consolidation
D. Hybrid structure

3. The Houghten Hotel was overbooked and had to turn away an individual with a phone confirmation. Since the Super Bowl was in town, the individual was forced to stay at the only available hotel, which was located in an unsafe part of town. The individual was attacked while sleeping and sued the Houghten Hotel. What is the likely outcome of a lawsuit against the property?
A. The individual will not be entitled to damages, because they did not receive a written confirmation.
B. The case will be dismissed because the individual was able to find a room elsewhere.
C. The property will be required to pay damages to the individual for breaking a legal contract.
D. The property will be forced to pay a fine for committing fraud by pretending to have a room available.

4. Which of the following is an effective strategy to use before beginning to read:
A. Think about what you want to learn.
B. Take notes.
C. Consult a glossary.
D. Summarize the information.

5. To defend your ideas in an objective and respectful way, you should
A. present facts that support your point of view.
B. advise the other person that their opinion is illogical.
C. use dramatic gestures to reinforce your message.
D. provide a rebuttal for everything the other person says.

6. Under hectic conditions, front desk clerks can provide good service by
A. knowing how to organize others.
B. having good accounting skills.
C. knowing how to avoid problems.
D. staying calm during interruptions.

7. Which of the following is a technique used in a persuasive letter to gain the readers' attention and encourage them to read the rest of the message:
A. Placing the call to action in the last paragraph
B. Including a link to the business's website
C. Asking a question in the introduction
D. Providing statistics in the body of the letter

8. A food server who has mixed up an order and brought the wrong menu items is an example of the __________ contributing to customer complaints.
A. employee
B. consumer
C. business
D. product

9. The importance of customer service in the hospitality and tourism industry has grown due to
A. fewer consumer choices.
B. lower prices.
C. less frequent travel.
D. technology.

10. A passenger is upset with Petra, a flight attendant, because the plane has not taken off and he is worried about being late for an important meeting. Before responding, Petra takes a deep breath, listens to his complaint, and apologizes. Petra is
A. deferring to authority.
B. solving the problem.
C. diffusing the customer's anger.
D. avoiding the conflict completely.

11. Which of the following is a good strategy for resolving a customer service issue:
A. Keep the conversation in a public space
B. Agree with the customer's complaints
C. Allow the customer to express their feelings
D. Disagree with each negative statement

12. Southwest Airlines expects its employees to reinforce the company's brand promise—high-quality customer service—at all times. Which of the following is the most significant aspect of the brand promise for all Southwest employees to remember?
A. Long-term planning
B. Profit maximization
C. Ongoing promotion
D. Consistent follow-through

13. Reece works for a hotel, and many of his customers are business travelers. When he learns that a customer is traveling for work, he automatically shows them where the hotel's business center is. Reece is
A. using secondary marketing data.
B. making unfair judgments.
C. anticipating unspoken customer needs.
D. using an aggressive selling tactic.

14. A restaurant has been extremely busy, but it does not have room in the budget to hire more staff to keep up with demand. What is one strategy the restaurant could take to keep customers happy during peaks in demand?
A. Only accept customers who have a reservation
B. Add a consumer-participation option such as a salad bar
C. Offer discounts for customers to come back another time
D. Expand the restaurant to accommodate more tables

15. Servers at the Mountain Top Cafe often seat customers as well as wait on tables. Unfortunately, the servers are often so busy that they aren't very welcoming or friendly to diners wanting to be seated. Which of the following would help servers focus on their responsibilities as waitstaff while also maintaining high service standards:
A. Display a menu outside so diners can be self-informed
B. Allow guests to seat themselves where they prefer
C. Hire a host/hostess to greet and seat the diners instead
D. Ask servers to tell customers they don't have time to chat

16. Hailey runs the social media accounts for a restaurant. When she sees a post complaining about the restaurant's service, what should she do?
A. Reply to the post promptly with an apology and a promise to improve
B. Ignore the post so that it will not gain any more attention
C. Post a reply denying the accuracy of the customer's complaint
D. Flag the post as inappropriate so it will be taken down

17. Opening a restaurant in New York City is more expensive than doing so in a small town in Upstate New York. This is a result of limited
A. capital goods.
B. human resources.
C. natural resources.
D. consumer goods.

18. Which of the following is a benefit of using the functional organizational structure:
A. It encourages creativity.
B. It reduces the duplication of certain activities.
C. It's more flexible than other structures.
D. It creates narrow perspectives for managers.

19. One of the primary ways in which hospitality and tourism contribute to economic growth is through
A. the use of global positioning systems.
B. the use of sustainable resources.
C. conference space.
D. visitor exports.

20. The two main sources of revenue used to pay the costs of government regulation are
A. taxpayers and nontaxpayers.
B. taxes and borrowing.
C. business and labor.
D. government and industry.

21. Consumer spending tends to decrease when
A. an economic recession ends.
B. interest rates decrease.
C. business activities slow.
D. the inflation rate declines.

22. The use of technology such as video conferencing, virtual events, and email allows a business to
A. improve the richness of conversation.
B. develop diverse teams.
C. reduce privacy concerns.
D. avoid all face-to-face interactions.

23. When assessing your personal strengths and weaknesses, it's very important to
A. be as hard on yourself as possible.
B. compare yourself to other people.
C. get input from other people.
D. try to hide your weaknesses.

24. Miranda, the manager of a large resort, was approached by Mr. Wilson, a guest who was upset about a leaky faucet in his room. After listening to Mr. Wilson's complaint, Miranda said, "Mr. Wilson, I don't blame you for being annoyed. A leaky faucet would bother me, too. We will have a member of our maintenance staff take a look at the problem right away." In this situation, Miranda was exhibiting
A. personal vision.
B. passive listening.
C. cultural sensitivity.
D. empathetic behavior.

25. Honesty is not just telling the truth. It also includes
A. not leaving out any facts.
B. hiding unethical actions.
C. trusting others.
D. showing loyalty.

26. Critical-thinking skills allow you to
A. show respect for other people.
B. remain committed to tasks even when it's difficult.
C. restrain your emotions and actions appropriately.
D. make reasonable judgments about people and situations.

27. Aiden communicates openly and honestly with his friends because he is
A. generous.
B. consistent.
C. encouraging.
D. transparent.

28. Which of the following is an example of two individuals working in a collaborative manner:
A. Lily and Marie combine their skills to create a new window display.
B. Shelly informs Dustin that she needs new software installed.
C. Joe asks Amy to create some PowerPoint slides based on his notes.
D. Cody tells Chelsea that she needs to complete her reports on time.

29. Adaptable people commit to their goals and never give up because they have
A. persistence.
B. attentiveness.
C. positivity.
D. a sense of humor.

30. Which of the following is an example of a long-term consequence:
A. Failing a homework assignment
B. Losing your level of physical fitness
C. Arguing with your sibling
D. Spilling a tray of food at work

31. Which of the following activities helps employees build positive political relationships within the workplace:
A. Getting to know the organization's key managers
B. Avoiding coworkers who are difficult to work with
C. Expressing personal opinions whenever possible
D. Making others feel that their work is unimportant

32. Mikael has a $20 bill. Although this money is just a piece of paper and not backed up by a reserve, Mikael is still able to buy groceries with it because everyone in his country treats it as currency. This $20 bill is known as __________ currency.
A. commodity
B. electronic
C. fiat
D. specie

33. People who are saving for retirement are advised to save enough money to account for inflation because dollars used in the future will have
A. lower exchange rates.
B. higher spending power.
C. less spending power.
D. higher exchange rates.

34. Brandon is developing a financial plan, and one of his goals is to save enough money to buy a new car in two years. Has Brandon set a SMART goal?
A. No, his goal is not attainable or results-oriented.
B. No, his goal is not specific or measurable.
C. Yes, his goal is time-bounded and measurable.
D. Yes, his goal is attainable and specific.

35. Rosie is in the process of choosing a financial services provider, but she has so many options that she feels overwhelmed. What is the first step she should take?
A. Ask the financial services provider how much they charge
B. Ask the financial services provider for references
C. Ask herself, “What kinds of financial services do I want?”
D. Find out what licenses the financial services provider holds

36. Sheila decides to invest some of her money. She doesn't like to take big risks, and she wants to be able to access all of her money at all times. She also doesn't mind not earning much interest. Sheila should invest her money in a
A. certificate of deposit (CD).
B. stock.
C. savings account.
D. money market account (MMA).

37. Which of the following is an internal procedure that many businesses use to control cash:
A. Track dividends paid to owners
B. Monitor intangible assets
C. Give receipts to all customers
D. Evaluate projected budgets

38. A restaurant has $8,550.00 in credit card sales for 135 credit card transactions. The following fees are charged for each credit card transaction: $1.27 to the issuing bank, $0.10 to the card association, $0.22 to the acquiring bank, and $0.20 to payment gateway. What percentage of total credit card sales goes toward fees?
A. 3%
B. 2%
C. 1.5%
D. 3.5%

39. What can happen when employees do not respect one another's lifestyles?
A. An uncomfortable work environment
B. Language barriers
C. Generational misunderstandings
D. An increase in productivity

40. Communities of practice benefit businesses by
A. reducing the need for knowledge in decision-making.
B. adding value to an individual's professional life.
C. decreasing the learning curve for new employees.
D. increasing employee turnover rates

41. Natalie searched for 45 minutes to locate an important file folder, which she found under a pile of papers in an unmarked box that was stored under her desk. What action did Natalie fail to take that would have increased her efficiency and saved the company money?
A. Staying on task
B. Staying organized
C. Using supplies wisely
D. Observing safety standards

42. What type of market segmentation would be appropriate to use when a hotel targets people who are traveling with their pets?
A. Behavioral—benefits sought
B. Psychographic—social class
C. Demographic—gender
D. Mass market

43. Managing information for business continuity is important in case of
A. high employee turnover.
B. a disaster.
C. low sales volume.
D. a drop in stock price.

44. What technique can help businesses reduce risks associated with software piracy and unauthorized peer-to-peer file sharing via the internet?
A. Rerouting
B. Virtualization
C. Encryption
D. Multicasting

45. Which of these lodging services would most likely be automated using software:
A. Sales forecasting
B. Concierge
C. Room setup
D. Registration

46. A marketing researcher classifies elements of a database into several groups that possess similar variables. What method is the researcher using to analyze information?
A. Cluster
B. Fragment
C. Semivariance
D. Semi-structured

47. Which of the following is an example of a demographic trend:
A. Rising interest rates
B. Shifting political climates
C. The aging of the population
D. A concern for fitness and health

48. A primary reason for a business to interpret statistical findings is to
A. increase production.
B. promote creativity.
C. aid decision-making.
D. influence buyers.

49. An airline executive wants to know why sales are dropping. They are most likely to need to conduct primary research if
A. the airline has little money for research.
B. no one on their team has the information they need.
C. they have already exhausted their secondary research options.
D. they have not conducted secondary research yet.

50. Which of the following types of hospitality and tourism information is most likely to be found in an online database:
A. Customer reviews for a specific hotel
B. Industry market trends
C. Competitors' sales data
D. A restaurant's customer demographics
51. A resort recently added a state-of-the-art gym, healthy dining options, and an on-staff personal trainer. These actions are examples of
A. dealing with economic impact.
B. responding to guests' lifestyle trends.
C. avoiding regulatory penalties.
D. becoming a globalized business.

52. Which of the following pieces of data would be most helpful to a restaurant that wants to increase sales:
A. Twenty percent of customers pay with cash instead of credit cards.
B. Customers with reservations spend 25% more than other customers.
C. Customers with reservations tip waitstaff 8% more than other customers do.
D. Thirty percent of customers dining with small children order split plates.

53. Which of the following is an example of a way that a company can use descriptive statistics to make business decisions:
A. A hotel owner analyzes customer reviews to determine which manager deserves a promotion.
B. An airline determines the average number of empty seats to know whether to cancel a flight.
C. A restauranteur studies environmental reports when choosing a city for their new restaurant.
D. A travel website analyzes competitors' prices to determine its own pricing strategies.

54. Stella works for a cruise line, and she is recommending that the owners add another Alaskan cruise to the yearly schedule. She wants to demonstrate how sales of Alaskan cruises have risen over the past several years. What kind of chart should Stella use to demonstrate this?
A. Scatter
B. Pie
C. Column
D. Histogram

55. Before building a media presentation, you should first plan the text and illustrations for the presentation by
A. planning slide transitions.
B. developing a schedule.
C. creating the needed slides.
D. creating a storyboard.

56. Trends indicate a rise in the number of people who like to bring their dogs with them on vacation. To accommodate this travel trend, there are an increasing number of
A. boutique pet stores.
B. residential dog parks.
C. all-inclusive resorts.
D. pet-friendly hotels.

57. A hotel guest gives the front desk clerk a credit card to guarantee payment for a room. The clerk uses a credit authorization service to
A. make a reservation for the guest at the hotel restaurant.
B. charge the cost of the entire stay with an additional $100 for room service.
C. determine if the guest has enough available credit to pay for the room.
D. create a voucher for the guest that includes the guest's information.

58. Every time a customer pays with a credit card, the employees at Windsor Bar and Grille ask to see identification to
A. encourage cash payments.
B. prevent fraud.
C. know whom to charge.
D. comply with the law.

59. Before his project begins, Walker decides that he needs to check in with his project team once a day to see what they have accomplished. Walker is
A. making changes/corrections.
B. communicating with stakeholders.
C. deciding what to monitor.
D. gathering data.

60. Keeping a project's scope in mind during the planning process helps project managers
A. save time.
B. ensure a project's quality.
C. avoid all risks.
D. earn more money.

61. Which of the following is a primary factor that helps a business determine when it should place another order for a regularly stocked item:
A. Profit margin
B. Reorder point
C. Buyer's preferences
D. Accounts receivable

62. Sunset Airlines experienced a rare mechanical malfunction with one of its plane's engines and needs to purchase a new part. What type of purchase order would Sunset Airlines likely use?
A. Blanket purchase order
B. Planned purchase order
C. Standard purchase order
D. Contract purchase order

63. Which of the following are maintenance supplies that a business is likely to keep on hand:
A. Paper towels, pens, and sportswear
B. Batteries, computers, and cleaning items
C. Trash bags, sanitizer, and light bulbs
D. Mops, furniture, and conveyer belts

64. Which of the following quality-management tools helps managers determine which problems need immediate attention:
A. Pareto chart
B. House of quality matrix
C. Statistical quality control
D. Cause-and-effect diagram

65. Jackson works for a hotel as a quality-control specialist. In the past, he inspected every hotel room once a week to ensure that the rooms remained clean, attractive, and fully stocked. Lately, however, he has been skipping weekly inspections and only checking the hotel rooms that guests tell him need attention. What mistake is Jackson making?
A. He is not trusting his housekeeping staff to perform their jobs well.
B. He is failing to communicate effectively with the staff he oversees.
C. He is not inspecting dirty or unorderly hotel rooms thoroughly enough.
D. He is being reactive instead of proactive in his quality-control practices.

66. When Kara reviews an invoice from one of her suppliers, she notices an error in the discount amount for the order. Which of the following is the most appropriate action for Kara to take:
A. File a complaint with the supply company's president
B. Pay the invoice now and notify the supplier about the problem later
C. Contact the supplier to resolve the discrepancy
D. Generate a new invoice with the corrected information

67. Riley is working with a design firm on a promotional campaign. The designer gives her a USB drive with some possible layouts to review. To ensure she is protecting the customer data on her computer, Riley should
A. delete customer information before opening it.
B. refuse to open the files.
C. scan the drive for viruses before opening it.
D. fire the design firm.

68. To lower their risk of inhaling the harmful fumes of cleaning chemicals, hotel housekeeping employees might wear protective
A. gloves.
B. masks.
C. nets.
D. mouth guards.

69. What can a hotel do to prepare its employees to respond appropriately if the facility experiences a power failure or fire?
A. Assemble first aid kits
B. Provide computer training
C. Develop an organizational chart
D. Conduct emergency drills

70. To reduce the risks of air-travel terrorism attacks, airports require passengers to
A. remain seated on airplanes at all times.
B. follow security checkpoint procedures.
C. fasten their seatbelts during takeoff and landing.
D. board the airplane one at a time.

71. One of the personal benefits of making your behavior more orderly and systematic is
A. improved business image.
B. reduced stress.
C. increased clutter.
D. lower productivity.

72. Laurel works for an organization that promotes tourism and encourages businesses to hold meetings and trade shows in her hometown. Laurel works for a(n)
A. travel agency.
B. industry trade association.
C. convention and visitors bureau.
D. tour operator.

73. A group of businesspeople in the same industry who join together for the purpose of achieving profitable business operations is called a __________ association.
A. legal
B. marketing
C. trade
D. local

74. What should you ask yourself before you perform any activity at work?
A. "How long can I postpone doing this activity?"
B. “What will I get in return for doing this work?”
C. “Would my parents approve of this behavior?”
D. “Is what I'm about to do in line with protocol?”

75. A business must ensure that it hires employees who possess the appropriate skills to
A. help the business achieve its organizational goals.
B. determine if the business needs to seek additional funding.
C. analyze the business's profit margins.
D. set the appropriate standards.

76. The development of cars and airplanes fueled the growth of the hospitality and tourism industry because these forms of transportation provided the general public with increased
A. sensitivity.
B. mobility.
C. creativity.
D. stability.

77. Zoos, museums, and amusement parks are examples of __________ in the __________ industry.
A. accommodations; travel
B. attractions; recreation
C. entertainment; lodging
D. events; tourism

78. Before introducing a new product, businesses must first decide if it will be
A. profitable.
B. guaranteed.
C. franchised.
D. intangible.

79. Product/Service management should be approached from the angle of the
A. product's technological benefits.
B. customer's point of view.
C. product itself.
D. competition's point of view.

80. Which of the following is a disadvantage associated with the addition of a higher-priced product or line to a company's product mix:
A. Success is difficult to predict.
B. It increases market risk.
C. It can damage customer goodwill.
D. Sales of established products may decline.

81. Carol would rather have one product but will purchase another one if her favorite item is not available. This is an example of brand
A. insistence.
B. responsiveness.
C. preference.
D. recognition.

82. Communicating the core values of products is an effective way to
A. reinforce a business's image.
B. explain the price structure.
C. analyze the sales operation.
D. create a distribution channel.

83. Which of the following is the core product of a hotel in the hospitality industry:
A. Food service
B. Entertainment
C. Retailing
D. Lodging

84. Many hotel companies offer a variety of hotel properties targeted at different types of customers (e.g., luxury, economy, extended-stay, etc.). What do these companies hope to gain by offering diverse lodging options, often with the same or similar brand names?
A. Free advertising
B. Differentiation of specialty hotels
C. A broader market appeal
D. Reduced competition

85. What technique should be used when evaluating multiple vendors' canned goods to ensure that the evaluators provide unbiased reviews?
A. Blind testing
B. Can-cutting
C. Random access
D. Sampling

86. The overall goal of promotion for most businesses is to
A. be relevant.
B. be factual.
C. increase sales.
D. inform salespeople.

87. Which of the following is an example of a promotional activity that allows the customer to try a new good or service without making a purchase:
A. Premiums
B. Visual merchandising
C. Sales promotion
D. Product sampling

88. What type of promotional method is often effective when dealing with corporate travel departments and meeting planners?
A. Personal selling
B. Radio advertising
C. Award programs
D. Public relations

89. Which of the following is a system that focuses on preventing defective products from being created in the first place:
A. Quality control
B. Quality assurance
C. Quality improvement
D. Quality command

90. When a company's leaders use its overarching strategies and vision to plan for risk, the company is likely using
A. managerial accounting.
B. marketing-information management.
C. enterprise risk management.
D. quality management.

91. For a business to continue to exist, it must have something to
A. invent.
B. manufacture.
C. sell.
D. patent.

92. One way that a hotel targeting convention business could build a loyal clientele is by providing
A. free samples.
B. quality training.
C. efficient services.
D. promotional materials.

93. Sending a prospective customer a brochure describing the company's services before calling on the customer
A. creates a poor image of the company.
B. can make the salesperson's job easier.
C. is usually a waste of postage.
D. reduces the salesperson's productivity.

94. Which of the following is a factor that often motivates people to choose a certain travel destination:
A. Level of maintenance
B. Actions of competitors
C. Recommendations of friends
D. Methods of promotion

95. While Mrs. Atwell was checking into the hotel, the front desk clerk said, “If you are interested, there is an outdoor play called The Lost Colony nearby. It is performed every evening during the summer months. We sell tickets here if you would like to attend.” This is an example of a
A. hotel employee providing guided tour information.
B. guest inquiring about local festivals and tours.
C. hotel employee recommending local attractions.
D. guest collecting tour brochures from the lobby display rack.

96. Which of the following is the most important question to ask guests who call to make a hotel reservation:
A. Do you require an accessible room?
B. What is your reason for traveling?
C. Do you have any dietary preferences?
D. How will you be arriving to the hotel?

97. What do many hotel chains sell that provides the buyers or users with flexibility to make reservations at their convenience?
A. Spa points
B. Gift cards
C. Contest passes
D. Keyless cards

98. Mr. and Mrs. Walsh ate dinner in the hotel restaurant. Based on the following charges, calculate the amount charged to Mrs. Walsh's credit card: 2 shrimp cocktails at $12.95 each, 1 prime-rib dinner at $36.75 each, 1 order of Chicken Alfredo at $22.50 each, 2 glasses of iced tea at $2.10 each, and 1 slice of chocolate cake at $6.95 each. The sales tax rate is 6.75%, and Mrs. Walsh included a tip for the server based on 20% of the entire bill, including tax.
A. $138.26
B. $128.33
C. $132.83
D. $123.36

99. Which of the following describes a divisional organizational structure:
A. Perkins Pottery has creative, production, operations, and sales departments.
B. AJK Corporation has a CEO, followed by six vice presidents who manage the company's product lines.
C. Tom’s company contracts him out to take on various projects.
D. A photography business only has three employees: the photographer, assistant, and salesperson.

100. What is a manager doing when they provide an employee with positive feedback and encouragement?
A. Coordinating
B. Planning
C. Motivating
D. Compensating

/////

1. A
Legal procedure. Procedural law controls the workings of courts and the method by which rights are
enforced. Legal procedure means that rights must be enforced in court, so the business is guaranteed an
opportunity to present evidence to defend itself. This is not because of legislative history, personal rights,
or business rules.
SOURCE: BL:070 Describe the nature of legal procedure
SOURCE: Weigend, T., Yeazell, S.C., Hazard, G., & Jescheck, H.H. (2017, January 20). Procedural
law. Retrieved September 20, 2021, from https://www.britannica.com/topic/procedural-law
2. C
Consolidation. Ourway Airlines is acquiring many smaller companies, which is known as consolidation. A
merger occurs when two businesses combine to form one company. An expansion occurs when a
company sells more shares of stock, reinvests profits into itself, or obtains a bank loan to expand its
operations. A hybrid structure is a type of ownership that allows owners to enjoy the advantages of
corporations and either sole proprietorships or partnerships.
SOURCE: BL:003 Explain types of business ownership
SOURCE: LAP-BL-003—Own It Your Way (Types of Business Ownership)
3. C
The property will be required to pay damages to the individual for breaking a legal contract. A room
reservation is a legal contract that entitles an injured party to compensation when the contract is violated,
such as when a property does not follow through with its promise to provide a room. A room reservation
does not have to be in writing for it to be considered a contract; therefore, the individual is entitled to
receive damages. For a property to be considered fraudulent in the eyes of the court, it is necessary to
prove that the property overbooks as a rule, rather than as an exception, when a special event is in town.
The ability to find a room elsewhere is not grounds for dismissing a case in which an individual is
physically harmed as a result of being turned away by the hotel.
SOURCE: BL:065 Explain the nature of regulations affecting the hospitality and tourism industry
SOURCE: Webster, D. (n.d.). Chapter 11. Risk management and legal liability. Retrieved September
20, 2021, from https://opentextbc.ca/introtourism/chapter/chapter-11-risk-management-andlegal-liability/
4. A
Think about what you want to learn. Before beginning to read, it is important to know what you are hoping
to learn from reading the text and what you will hope to know after you complete your reading. This will
help guide your reading and increase your comprehension. Taking notes is an active reading strategy
that you should use while reading, rather than before. Consulting a glossary is a strategy that you can
use while reading to increase your understanding of technical or challenging vocabulary. Finally,
summarizing is a tactic that can help with comprehension and retention after you have finished reading.
SOURCE: CO:055 Extract relevant information from written materials
SOURCE: Princeton University. (2021). Active reading strategies: Remember and analyze what you
read. Retrieved September 20, 2021, from https://mcgraw.princeton.edu/active-readingstrategies
5. A
Present facts that support your point of view. Because others may have questions or concerns about
your ideas, you should be prepared to defend those ideas by providing supporting information. By having
facts to support your ideas, others are more likely to accept your ideas and put them into action. Telling
another person that their opinion is illogical and refuting everything the other person says are not actions
that help you objectively and respectfully defend your ideas. In fact, these actions may offend the other
person. Using dramatic gestures may indicate your enthusiasm about your ideas but does not
demonstrate why your ideas are good and should be implemented.
SOURCE: CO:061 Defend ideas objectively
SOURCE: Haddock, P. (2020). Defend your ideas without becoming defensive. Retrieved September
20, 2021, from https://gohighbrow.com/defend-your-ideas-without-becoming-defensive/

Test 1253

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

12

6. D
Staying calm during interruptions. Hotel guests often need your attention as they check in or out, ask
questions, and request services. The key to giving good service while handling all this activity is to
remain calm during interruptions. It is not possible, or always desirable, to avoid problems. Front desk
clerks are not required to have accounting skills or to organize other employees.
SOURCE: CO:114 Handle telephone calls in a businesslike manner
SOURCE: Ward, D. (2017, December 22). How hospitality professionals keep their cool in high stress
situations. Retrieved September 20, 2021, from https://www.hcareers.com/article/careeradvice/how-hospitality-professionals-keep-their-cool-in-high-stress-situations
7. C
Asking a question in the introduction. Before persuading the audience to take action, the writer must gain
the readers' attention—this is often referred to as the hook. Posing a question in the introduction (first
sentence) often stimulates the readers' curiosity and encourages them to find out more about the issue or
offer. Another way to grab the readers' attention is by including interesting statistics or facts in the
introduction or first paragraph of the message. After gaining the readers' attention, the writer addresses
the call to action. Depending on the type of message, inclusion of the business's website may be an
important component of the message; however, this typically will not gain the readers' attention.
SOURCE: CO:031 Write persuasive messages
SOURCE: Davis, S. (2019, May 8). 7 sensational essay hooks that grab reader's attention. Retrieved
September 20, 2021, from https://www.academicwritingsuccess.com/7-sensational-essayhooks/
8. A
Employee. Employees can contribute to customer dissatisfaction by being inaccurate and providing
unsatisfactory service. Serving the wrong menu items is one way that restaurant employees can cause
customers to complain. The product was not at fault even though it was the wrong item. The business
was not at fault, because the correct menu items were available. The customer was not at fault, because
the desired item was ordered.
SOURCE: CR:010 Handle customer/client complaints
SOURCE: Diaz, M. (2019, September 24). 10 common mistakes waiters make. Retrieved September
20, 2021, from https://joinposter.com/en/post/10-common-mistakes-waiters-make
9. D
Technology. Many apps and websites allow customers to leave reviews and ratings about their
experiences. Therefore, customer service has become even more important in hospitality and tourism.
Businesses must provide top-notch service to make sure reviews are positive, which keeps business
incoming. Lower prices, less frequent travel, and fewer consumer choices have not increased the
importance of customer service in the hospitality and tourism industry.
SOURCE: CR:043 Describe customer-service challenges in the hospitality and tourism industry
SOURCE: Astute. (2021). Key CX challenges facing the hospitality industry. Retrieved September 17,
2021, from https://www.astutesolutions.com/industry-insights/hospitality-industry
10. C
Diffusing the customer's anger. In the hospitality and tourism industry, it is important to know how to
resolve conflicts with customers who are unhappy with the service. One of the first steps is diffusing
anger because it is difficult to resolve conflict when one or more parties is angry. Petra is diffusing anger
by remaining calm, listening, and expressing sympathy. In this example, Petra is not solving the problem,
deferring to authority, or avoiding the conflict completely.
SOURCE: CR:044 Resolve hospitality and tourism related conflicts for customers
SOURCE: Customer Traac. (2019). How to deal with angry customers and diffuse the situation.
Retrieved September 17, 2021, from https://customertraac.com/diffuse-angry-customers/

Test 1253

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

13

11. C
Allow the customer to express their feelings. Sometimes, frustrated customers want to complain and
release anger. Allowing them to express their feelings might help them calm down and make a resolution
more likely. Agreeing with a customer's complaints is not a good idea, because it undermines the
authority of the company. Keeping the conversation in a public space is not a good idea, because other
employees or customers might hear the conversation, which could damage morale and reputation.
Finally, disagreeing with each negative statement is likely to upset the customer rather than help resolve
the conflict.
SOURCE: CR:046 Determine strategies for resolving customer-service situations
SOURCE: Geraghty, S. (2018, February 22). 12 conflict resolution tips for excellent customer service.
Retrieved September 17, 2021, from https://www.talkdesk.com/blog/12-conflict-resolutiontips-for-excellent-customer-service-2/
12. D
Consistent follow-through. A brand promise is a company's agreement, spoken or unspoken, with
customers that it will meet their expectations and deliver on its brand characteristics and values. A
company must follow through by performing certain actions in consistent ways to fulfill that promise. Both
long- and short-term planning can help the company develop strategies to carry out the brand promise;
however, unless the strategies are carried out consistently, the planning efforts are useless. Ongoing
promotion helps maintain brand awareness, but it does not fulfill the company's commitment to the
customer through product quality, service, etc. The company's profits involve setting internal goals rather
than carrying out promises made to customers.
SOURCE: CR:001 Identify company's brand promise
SOURCE: LAP-CR-001—Share the Promise (Identifying Brand Promise)
13. C
Anticipating unspoken customer needs. A great way to provide excellent customer service is to anticipate
what a customer needs before they even say so. Looking for patterns in customer buying habits can help
employees anticipate customer needs. Reece knows that business travelers tend to need access to
printing, scanning, and photocopying, so he can anticipate that need before the customer says anything.
Reece is not making unfair judgments, using secondary marketing data, or using an aggressive selling
tactic.
SOURCE: CR:053 Anticipate unspoken customer needs
SOURCE: Quiq. (2021). How to anticipate customer needs and improve customer service. Retrieved
September 17, 2021, from https://quiq.com/blog/how-anticipating-customer-needs-canimprove-customer-service/
14. B
Add a consumer-participation option such as a salad bar. One way that restaurants can manage high
demand without hiring staff is by including a consumer-participation option such as a salad bar. This
eliminates time spent on preparing and serving salads, as well as keeping customers busy. Only
accepting customers who have a reservation might not help, because the restaurant will still be busy
without enough staff to handle demand. Offering discounts for customers to come back another time is a
strategy to shift demand, not necessarily to manage customer experience during peaks in demand.
Expanding the restaurant to accommodate more tables is a strategy to be able to handle more
customers, but it does not solve the issue if the restaurant cannot hire more staff.
SOURCE: CR:038 Identify strategies to manage customer experience during peaks in demand
SOURCE: Hall, M. (2021, July 29). Is demand or supply more important to the economy? Retrieved
September 17, 2021, from https://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/040815/demand-orsupply-more-important-economy.asp

Test 1253

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

14

15. C
Hire a host/hostess to greet and seat the diners instead. Rather than expecting the servers to do what
are essentially two different jobs, waiting on tables as well as acting as hosts or hostesses, the restaurant
should hire a host/hostess instead. The host or hostess could greet diners, interact with them, seat them,
and share information about menu specials. Allowing guests to seat themselves does not meet high
service standards and can cause confusion among waitstaff. Displaying a menu outside does not
eliminate the need to interact with customers. Telling customers there's no time to chat creates a rude
and unwelcoming atmosphere that does not achieve high service standards.
SOURCE: CR:039 Maintain service standards during peaks in demand
SOURCE: LaMarco, N. (2018, November 27). Restaurant service procedures. Retrieved September 17,
2021, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/restaurant-service-procedures-58941.html
16. A
Reply to the post promptly with an apology and a promise to improve. When customers complain about a
brand on social media, it is important to address them, as ignoring them makes it appear that the
company does not care about its customers. After a customer has posted about a less-than-satisfactory
experience, Hailey should try to appease that customer to repair the relationship and show that the
restaurant is improving upon its flaws. Ignoring the post, denying the customer's complaint, or flagging
the post as inappropriate will not improve relationships with customers and will make the restaurant
appear unsympathetic and/or dishonest.
SOURCE: CR:028 Use digital media to enhance customer post-sales experience
SOURCE: Horton, C. (2021, August 9). How to respond to negative reviews online. Retrieved
September 17, 2021, from https://www.brightlocal.com/blog/how-to-respond-to-negativereviews/
17. C
Natural resources. In a highly populated area like New York City, land is more limited than in a small
town, so people are willing to pay more to use the land. In a small town, the land is less limited, so it is
less expensive. Human resources, capital goods, and consumer goods are not necessarily more or less
limited in either New York City or a small town.
SOURCE: EC:003 Explain the concept of economic resources
SOURCE: LAP-EC-903—Be Resourceful (Economic Resources)
18. B
It reduces the duplication of certain activities. An advantage of using the functional organizational
structure is that it reduces the duplication of certain activities. The organization has just one department
creating advertising campaigns, one department balancing the company budget, one department fielding
customer complaints, etc. The functional structure does not encourage creativity as the divisional
structure does. It is less flexible than other structures. Its inflexibility and creation of narrow perspectives
for managers are disadvantages of the functional structure, not benefits.
SOURCE: EC:103 Explain the organizational design of businesses
SOURCE: LAP-EC-103—Designed to Work (Organizational Design of Business)
19. D
Visitor exports. When travelers journey to a foreign country, the money that they spend there is
categorized as visitor exports. Visitor exports include purchases that foreign travelers make from
hospitality and tourism businesses as well as those that they make from businesses outside the
hospitality and tourism industry. Although hospitality and tourism businesses are encouraged to use
sustainable resources, their use does not contribute to economic growth. Provision of conference space
is a first step in getting groups to visit an area, but conference spaces do not in and of themselves create
economic growth. Global positioning systems help determine how to get to and from locations. They do
not impact economic growth.
SOURCE: EC:136 Explain the relationship between the economy and hospitality and tourism
SOURCE: Yehia, Y. (2019, March 26). The importance of tourism on economies and businesses.
Retrieved September 17, 2021, from https://globaledge.msu.edu/blog/post/55748/theimportance-of-tourism-on-economies-a

Test 1253

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

15

20. B
Taxes and borrowing. Government collects taxes from taxpayers to pay the costs of regulating business
and providing services. The taxes collected are not sufficient to cover government expenses. This makes
government borrowing necessary. Nontaxpayers don't provide money to government. Business, labor,
and industry are types of taxpayers.
SOURCE: EC:008 Determine the relationship between government and business
SOURCE: LAP-EC-016—Regulate and Protect (Government and Business)
21. C
Business activities slow. When business activities slow, businesses produce fewer goods and services. A
decline in production often leads to facility closings and employee layoffs. When people are unemployed,
they are not earning an income, so consumer spending tends to decrease. When business activities
decline over several months, it typically indicates the beginning of an economic recession. Businesses
are more likely to expand when interest rates decrease because it is less expensive to obtain loans.
When the inflation rate stabilizes, the prices of goods and services are not increasing as quickly, which
may boost consumer spending.
SOURCE: EC:081 Discuss the measure of consumer spending as an economic indicator
SOURCE: Amadeo, K. (2020, September 27). Consumer spending and its impact on the economy.
Retrieved September 20, 2021, from https://www.thebalance.com/consumer-spendingdefinition-and-determinants-3305917
22. B
Develop diverse teams. Electronic communication tools have increased businesses' ability to work with a
wide range of people from across the globe. Diverse groups of people can come together to provide
broader perspectives. Technology does not necessarily improve the richness of conversation, because
face-to-face conversation is still the richest form of communication. Technology also increases privacy
concerns, rather than reducing them, as people use electronic means to share information. Finally, the
use of technology does not mean that businesses can avoid all face-to-face interactions, because they
are still important to building business relationships.
SOURCE: EC:111 Describe the impact of electronic communication tools (e.g., Internet, video- and
computer-conferencing, webcasts, email) on global business activities
SOURCE: Picincu, A. (2020, July 8). The importance of electronic communication in workplace
collaboration. Retrieved September 20, 2021, from https://work.chron.com/importanceelectronic-communication-workplace-collaboration-4081.html
23. C
Get input from other people. While self-assessment implies working alone, it can actually be very helpful
to get another opinion. Others can point out strengths and weaknesses you might not have known about.
You don't want to compare yourself to others—self-examination isn't a competition. Everyone has
different strengths and weaknesses. Try not to be too hard on yourself. While recognizing weaknesses is
important, obsessing over them isn't helpful. You also shouldn't hide weaknesses—everyone has areas
that need improvement. Your assessment will only be successful if you're completely honest about your
strengths and weaknesses.
SOURCE: EI:002 Assess personal strengths and weaknesses
SOURCE: LAP-EI-902—Assess for Success (Assessing Personal Strengths and Weaknesses)
24. D
Empathetic behavior. Successful hotel managers should be able to effectively communicate with guests,
staff, and vendors. An important aspect of effective communication is exhibiting empathy, which is the
ability to relate to the feelings, thoughts, and experiences of other people. In other words, empathy is the
ability to put yourself in another person's place. In the example, Miranda put herself in Mr. Wilson's place
by telling him that a leaky faucet would bother her, too. She expressed that she could relate to Mr.
Wilson's feelings. Miranda was being empathetic. Because Miranda was able to respond to Mr. Wilson's
problem, she was actively listening rather than passively listening. The situation does not provide enough
information to determine if Miranda was exhibiting cultural sensitivity. Personal vision is the future that
you desire to create for yourself.
SOURCE: EI:090 Describe personal traits important to success in hospitality and tourism
SOURCE: Wilding, M. (2019, January 7). 7 habits of highly empathetic people. Retrieved September
17, 2021, from https://www.inc.com/melody-wilding/7-habits-of-highly-empathetic-people.html

Test 1253

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

16

25. A
Not leaving out any facts. Honesty includes telling the whole truth and not withholding any information.
When being honest, you should not leave out any facts. Honesty does not include hiding unethical
actions. While trusting others and showing loyalty are important traits, they are not part of honesty itself.
SOURCE: EI:022 Demonstrate honesty and integrity
SOURCE: LAP-EI-138—Sincerely Yours (Demonstrating Honesty and Integrity)
26. D
Make reasonable judgments about people and situations. Critical-thinking skills are thought processes
(e.g., analysis, assessment) that allow people to make sound judgments about people, ideas, situations,
etc. Critical-thinking skills are important for taking responsibility for decisions and actions. Remaining
committed to tasks even when it's difficult is self-discipline. Restraining emotions and actions
appropriately is self-control. Critical-thinking skills don't necessarily allow someone to show respect for
other people.
SOURCE: EI:075 Take responsibility for decisions and actions
SOURCE: LAP-EI-075—It's Up to You (Taking Responsibility for Decisions and Actions)
27. D
Transparent. Transparency means being truthful when you communicate. It involves communicating
openly and honestly with everyone, whether you're at work, at school, or at home. Transparency also
involves speaking up about your feelings, even when it's difficult or not necessarily in your best interest.
Aiden may be consistent, encouraging, and generous, but those traits are not illustrated in this example.
SOURCE: EI:129 Foster open, honest communication
SOURCE: LAP-EI-129—Can We Talk? (Fostering Open, Honest Communication)
28. A
Lily and Marie combine their skills to create a new window display. Typically, two people working together
to perform and accomplish a task are working collaboratively. People making requests or telling others
what they need to accomplish are not examples of people working in a collaborative way.
SOURCE: EI:130 Collaborate with others
SOURCE: LAP-EI-130—Genius Is a Team Sport (Collaborating With Others)
29. A
Persistence. Adaptable people never give up. They commit to their goals, and they're willing to achieve
them in any way possible. Attentiveness, positivity, and a sense of humor are all characteristics of
adaptable people, but they aren't demonstrated in this example.
SOURCE: EI:006 Demonstrate adaptability
SOURCE: LAP-EI-023—Go With the Flow (Demonstrating Adaptability)
30. B
Losing your level of physical fitness. Losing your level of physical fitness is an example of a long-term
consequence. It won't happen overnight, but it will happen if you eat unhealthy foods and neglect
exercise. Failing a homework assignment, arguing with your sibling, and spilling a tray of food at work are
all examples of consequences that are short term.
SOURCE: EI:137 Assess long-term value and impact of actions on others
SOURCE: LAP-EI-137—Choose for the Future (Assessing the Long-Term Value and Impact of Actions
on Others)

Test 1253

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

17

31. A
Getting to know the organization's key managers. If an employee has the ability to influence other
workers' opinions or actions within the company, the employee is fostering political relationships. Building
positive political relationships in the workplace begins by showing a sincere interest in the company,
employees, and managers and by recognizing their importance to the organization. An honest,
dependable employee who is willing to network and work with others—including difficult coworkers—can
facilitate a positive working environment, which helps the employee gain a positive reputation. This, in
turn, helps the employee use their reputation to influence organizational decision-making. A wise
"political player" does not express personal opinions whenever possible. To do so may offend important
people within the organization.
SOURCE: EI:034 Explain the impact of political relationships within an organization
SOURCE: Janin, A. (2021, March 11). How to build positive relationships at work. Retrieved September
22, 2021, from https://www.wsj.com/articles/how-to-build-meaningful-workplacerelationships-11605294163
32. C
Fiat. Fiat currency is money that doesn't have intrinsic value and is not backed by reserves. Fiat currency
is only valuable as long as people have faith that it will continue to be used in the future. Electronic
currency is money that exists only in electronic format. Commodity money is currency that is has value
other than its value as money (for example, gold or silver). Mikael's $20 bill is just made of paper, which
is essentially worthless on its own, so it is not commodity money. Specie is a term used for coins, and
Mikael is using paper money.
SOURCE: FI:059 Identify types of currency (paper money, coins, banknotes, government bonds,
treasury notes, etc.)
SOURCE: Chen, J. (2021, September 9). Fiat money. Retrieved September 20, 2021, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/f/fiatmoney.asp
33. C
Less spending power. The time value of money is the concept that dollars received in the future will be
worth less than a dollar received today because of the impact of inflation. Exchange rates rise and fall
and refer to the transfer of one currency into another.
SOURCE: FI:062 Explain the time value of money
SOURCE: Fernando, J. (2021, September 3). Time value of money (TVM). Retrieved September 20,
2021, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/t/timevalueofmoney.asp
34. B
No, his goal is not specific or measurable. A financial goal is a short- or long-term objective that is
measured in terms of money. Effective financial goals are SMART goals—specific, measurable,
attainable, results-oriented, and time-bounded. The goal is time-bounded because Brandon wants to
save money to buy a car two years from now. It is results-oriented because Brandon will have something
to show for his effort in two years—a car. However, the goal is not specific or measurable, because
Brandon has not indicated how much he wants to save for the car. Also, Brandon has not indicated how
he plans to save for the car, such as placing 15% of his weekly paycheck in a special savings account.
There is not enough information to determine if the goal is attainable, because it is not specific.
SOURCE: FI:065 Set financial goals
SOURCE: Eby, K. (2019, January 9). The essential guide to writing SMART goals. Retrieved
September 20, 2021, from https://www.smartsheet.com/blog/essential-guide-writing-smartgoals
35. C
Ask herself, "What kinds of financial services do I want?" The first thing Rosie should do when selecting a
financial services provider is ask herself what kinds of financial services she wants. This will help her
narrow down her focus. When she has an idea of what she wants out of a financial services provider, she
can ask about references, charges, and licenses.
SOURCE: FI:076 Discuss considerations in selecting a financial-services provider
SOURCE: Coombes, A., & Benson, A. (2021, September 3). How to choose a financial advisor.
Retrieved September 20, 2021, from https://www.nerdwallet.com/article/investing/how-tochoose-a-financial-advisor

Test 1253

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

18

36. C
Savings account. If Sheila doesn't like to take risks, wants to access all of her money at all times, and
doesn't mind earning very little interest, she should consider a savings account. You're always able to
access your money, but you receive a low return. A stock is much riskier than a savings account—you
actually own part of the company, so you have the rights and responsibilities that go along with
ownership. This means you can make a big profit, but you can also lose a large amount of money if the
stock decreases in value or if the company goes out of business. While a certificate of deposit (CD)
doesn't have a high risk, you aren't able to access your money at all for a set period of time. A money
market account (MMA) is low risk, but you are only able to access some of your money each month, and
you usually have to keep a certain amount of money in your account.
SOURCE: FI:077 Explain types of investments
SOURCE: LAP-FI-077—Invest for Success (Types of Investments)
37. C
Give receipts to all customers. Most businesses use a variety of procedures to control cash. One of these
is to train employees how to use the cash register and require that they ring up each sale on the register
and give receipts to all customers. When an employee rings up a sale, the register automatically records
the sale and prints a customer receipt. This procedure helps control cash because it reduces the
possibility of employees accepting payment from customers without recording the sale and issuing a
receipt. Monitoring intangible assets, tracking dividends paid to owners, and evaluating projected budgets
are not internal procedures that many businesses use to control cash.
SOURCE: FI:113 Explain cash control procedures (e.g., signature cards, deposit slips, internal/external
controls, cash clearing, etc.)
SOURCE: Chron. (2021, April 8). Internal control procedures for the receipt of cash. Retrieved
September 17, 2021, from https://work.chron.com/internal-control-procedures-receipt-cash6735.html
38. A
3%. Credit card processing is not free. Instead, businesses typically must pay a specific portion or
percentage of its credit card revenue to several different organizations, including the issuing bank, card
association, acquiring bank, and payment gateway. To determine what percentage of total credit card
sales goes toward fees, first total the amount of fees charged for each transaction ($1.27 + 0.10 + 0.22 +
0.20 = $1.79). Then, calculate the total amount of credit card fees paid by multiplying the cost for each
transaction by the number of credit card transactions ($1.79 X 135 = $241.65). Finally, calculate the
percentage of total credit card sales that goes toward fees by dividing the total credit card fees by the
total credit card sales ($241.65 / $8,550.00 = 0.03 = 3%).
SOURCE: FI:790 Calculate credit-card processing costs
SOURCE: Fiserv. (2021). How credit card processing works. Retrieved September 17, 2021, from
https://merchants.fiserv.com/en-us/resources/credit-card-processing/
39. A
An uncomfortable work environment. Sometimes, employees do not respect each other's lifestyles and
discriminate against each other because of them. When this occurs, employees might experience an
uncomfortable work environment. This can damage productivity. Language barriers are a result of ethnic
or cultural differences rather than differences in lifestyles. Generational misunderstandings are not a
result of disrespecting lifestyle choices.
SOURCE: HR:515 Discuss issues associated with workplace diversity (e.g., ethnic, generational,
religious, gender)
SOURCE: Renee, M. (2019, March 6). Top 10 diversity issues at work. Retrieved September 17, 2021,
from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/top-10-diversity-issues-work-24939.html

Test 1253

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

19

40. C
Decreasing the learning curve for new employees. A community of practice is a group of people who
share interest in a subject and meet regularly to improve in that subject area. In the workplace, a
community of practice can provide knowledge to new employees so that they can quickly become
acclimated to a new position. Communities of practice also add value to professional lives, but this is an
individual benefit rather than a benefit for businesses. Communities of practice encourage strategic
decision-making that is informed by knowledge, rather than reducing it. Finally, communities of practice
increase employee retention, decreasing turnover.
SOURCE: KM:005 Identify techniques that can be used to capture and transfer knowledge in an
organization
SOURCE: Gonçalves, L. (2021, July 3). Communities of practice, a summary for leaders. Retrieved
September 17, 2021, from https://luis-goncalves.com/communities-of-practice/
41. B
Staying organized. Employees can help their employers reach their objectives by working efficiently. To
work efficiently, employees should be organized and have a system for keeping track of their work and
supplies. Because Natalie's workspace was not organized, she spent a lot of time looking for a file
instead of working on something more productive. There is not enough information provided to determine
if Natalie has problems staying on task, using supplies wisely, or observing safety standards.
SOURCE: MK:015 Discuss actions employees can take to achieve the company's desired results
SOURCE: LAP-MK-015—Act Now! (Employee Actions and Company Goals)
42. A
Behavioral—benefits sought. A market consists of buyers who differ in one or more ways. By identifying
those differences, hospitality and tourism businesses can tailor their marketing efforts to appeal to
specific groups. With behavioral segmentation, people are grouped together on the basis of their
knowledge, attitude, and use for/response to a product. In this scenario, the group is travelers who have
pets with them. This form of behavioral segmentation is based on the product benefits that the group
wants—lodging that accepts pets. Psychographic segmentation based on social class divides people into
different social classes. Demographic segmentation divides people into groups based on certain
variables such as age, gender, race, religion, educational level, or income level. Use of a mass market
approach would indicate that the hotel will not be differentiating among its guests and will be using the
same marketing strategies with all guests.
SOURCE: MP:035 Identify ways to segment hospitality and tourism markets
SOURCE: Roth, L. (2020, September 30). How to use behavioral segmentation to improve marketing
effectiveness. Retrieved September 17, 2021, from https://blog.alexa.com/behavioralsegmentation/
43. B
A disaster. Managing information for business continuity is important in case of a disaster. A disaster
might be man-made, such as a building fire, or it might be an act of nature, such as a tornado or a flood.
No matter what, though, companies must ensure that business can still run smoothly and that employees
can still access the information they need. High employee turnover, low sales volume, and a drop in
stock price are not occurrences that would disrupt information management.
SOURCE: NF:110 Discuss the nature of information management
SOURCE: LAP-NF-110—In the Know (Nature of Information Management)

Test 1253

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

20

44. C
Encryption. Software piracy and unauthorized file sharing (e.g., of music) are costly to producers. To
protect their ownership rights, these businesses often use encryption techniques to minimize these types
of issues. Encryption is the process of transforming information into a secret code so that only the
recipient can read it. If the recipient tries to pass along the information to others, the others will not be
able to access the information. Virtualization involves running multiple operating systems on one
machine. Multicasting transmits streaming media to multiple users simultaneously. Rerouting means to
changing course or direction.
SOURCE: NF:076 Explain legal issues associated with information management
SOURCE: Federal Trade Commission. (n.d.). Financial institutions and customer information:
Complying with the safeguards rule. Retrieved September 20, 2021, from
https://www.ftc.gov/tips-advice/business-center/guidance/financial-institutions-customerinformation-complying
45. D
Registration. Software best handles routine tasks such as registration. Registration can be handled
online, over the phone, or in person. All registrations go into a software program. This makes it easy to
analyze sales and marketing data. Concierge and room setup services are performed by humans. Sales
forecasting is not a lodging service.
SOURCE: NF:106 Use software to automate services
SOURCE: Capterra. (n.d.). Reservations software. Retrieved September 17, 2021, from
https://www.capterra.com/reservations-software/
46. A
Cluster. The objective of cluster analysis is to classify or group data such as customers or products.
Once grouped, the researcher can use the data about customers or products to gain insight regarding
target markets. Fragment and semivariance are not terms used to describe marketing-information
evaluation methods. Semi-structured is a term used to describe a type of question used in surveys.
SOURCE: NF:185 Use database for information analysis
SOURCE: Optimove. (2021). Customer segmentation via cluster analysis. Retrieved September 17,
2021, from https://www.optimove.com/resources/learning-center/customer-segmentation-viacluster-analysis
47. C
The aging of the population. The aging of the population is a demographic trend since it refers to
demographic data (age). Shifting political climates is a governmental or political trend. Rising interest
rates is an economic trend. A concern for fitness and health is a social/cultural attitude.
SOURCE: NF:015 Conduct an environmental scan to obtain business information
SOURCE: LAP-NF-015—Get the 4-1-1 (Conducting an Environmental Scan)
48. C
Aid decision-making. Statistics are information presented in numerical form. For the statistics to be
useful, businesses must analyze and interpret them. Businesses often base business decisions on
statistical information. For example, a business may obtain statistical information that indicates a product
is not selling well. Based on the statistical information, the business may decide to phase out or stop
making the product. Or, if statistical information indicates that the demand for the product exceeds the
available supply of the product, the business may decide to increase production. Businesses use
promotional activities to influence people to buy their products. Although analyzing statistical information
might spark an employee's creativity (e.g., for problem-solving purposes), promoting creativity is not a
primary reason for interpreting statistical findings.
SOURCE: NF:093 Interpret statistical findings
SOURCE: Bianca, A. (2019, February 4). The advantage of statistics in business. Retrieved September
20, 2021, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/advantages-statistics-business-18698.html

Test 1253

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

21

49. C
They have already exhausted their secondary research options. Primary research is that which a person
or company generates on their own for their exact needs and purposes. Primary research is generally
done when the needed information does not exist yet. Therefore, the airline executive should first do an
exhaustive search of secondary sources before deciding to conduct primary research. Even if no one on
the executive's team has the information they need, the executive still might not need to conduct primary
research because they might be able to use secondary research. If the airline has little money for
research, the executive might be better off focusing on secondary research because it is cheaper than
primary research.
SOURCE: NF:282 Explain types of primary hospitality and tourism market information
SOURCE: Alchemer. (2018, April 26). Research methods: How and when to use primary and
secondary research. Retrieved September 17, 2021, from
https://www.alchemer.com/resources/blog/research-methods-how-and-when-to-use-primaryand-secondary-research/
50. B
Industry market trends. Online databases are sources of scholarly research such as journal and news
articles related to a particular topic—in this case, hospitality and tourism. In an online database, you
might find information such as industry market trends. Customer reviews for a specific hotel, competitors'
sales data, and a restaurant's customer demographics might be found online but would not necessarily
be found in an online database.
SOURCE: NF:286 Obtain hospitality and tourism information from online sources (e.g., search engines,
online databases, blogs, forums, listservs, web analytics, social media, geolocation services)
SOURCE: EBSCO. (2021). Hospitality & tourism index. Retrieved September 17, 2021, from
https://www.ebsco.com/products/research-databases/hospitality-tourism-index
51. B
Responding to guests' lifestyle trends. Lifestyle trends are changes in the way people live their lives. One
example of a lifestyle trend is fitness and health. Hospitality businesses should track and respond to
lifestyle trends, such as the resort adding a state-of-the-art gym, healthy dining, and a personal trainer.
This example is not related to economic impact, regulatory penalties, or becoming a globalized business.
SOURCE: NF:287 Track environmental changes that impact hospitality and tourism (e.g., technological
changes, guest trends, economic changes, regulatory changes)
SOURCE: Lumen Learning. (n.d.). Consumer lifestyle factors. Retrieved September 17, 2021, from
https://courses.lumenlearning.com/wm-retailmanagement/chapter/consumer-lifestyle-factors/
52. B
Customers with reservations spend 25% more than other customers. Understanding the relationship
between making reservations and spending can help a restaurant focus its sales and promotional efforts
on dinner reservations in order to increase sales. Since the tipping of waitstaff, split plates, and payment
methods do not increase sales, these data are less helpful.
SOURCE: NF:288 Monitor hospitality and tourism sales data
SOURCE: Andrews, R. (2021, July 14). How restaurants are using data and analytics to increase
profits. Retrieved September 17, 2021, from https://restaurant.eatapp.co/blog/restaurantdata-and-analytics-increase-revenue
53. B
An airline determines the average number of empty seats to know whether to cancel a flight. Descriptive
statistics are used to describe basic features of data in a study. An example of a descriptive statistic is
average, or mean. Mean can be used to make a business decision such as whether to cancel a flight.
There is no indication that the customer reviews, environmental reports, or competitors' prices include
descriptive statistics.
SOURCE: NF:236 Explain the use of descriptive statistics in business decision making
SOURCE: Hayes, A. (2021, August 3). Descriptive statistics. Retrieved September 17, 2021, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/d/descriptive_statistics.asp

Test 1253

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

22

54. C
Column. A column chart shows the differences in individual values vertically. It is useful to show the
difference between values in different time periods, such as the rising sales of Alaskan cruises over time.
Pie charts show the proportion of each segment to the whole. They are not useful for showing rising
sales over time. A scatter chart is used when showing relationships and correlations between variables,
rather than rising sales over time. A histogram is used to show frequency distribution, not rising sales
over time.
SOURCE: NF:289 Display hospitality and tourism data in charts/graphs or in tables
SOURCE: Metwalli, S. (2020, September 7). Data visualization 101: How to choose a chart type.
Retrieved September 17, 2021, from https://towardsdatascience.com/data-visualization-101how-to-choose-a-chart-type-9b8830e558d6
55. D
Creating a storyboard. Creating a storyboard helps you plan the text and illustrations for a presentation
and plan the work that will need to be done to create the presentation. Developing a schedule can help
with the planning of the work but does not help plan the actual content. Creating the needed slides and
planning the slide transitions can only be done after a plan for the content is developed.
SOURCE: NF:290 Prepare and use presentation software to aid in making oral reports
SOURCE: Vyond. (2021, January 11). What is a storyboard and why do you need one? Retrieved
September 17, 2021, from https://www.vyond.com/resources/what-is-a-storyboard-and-whydo-you-need-one/
56. D
Pet-friendly hotels. Because many people consider pets to be important members of their families, they
often prefer to travel with them. Many hotel chains and destination rental properties are beginning to
provide pet-friendly accommodations. Some boutique hotels even provide special services to pamper
pets such as grooming, spa, and walking services. Many communities are opening dog parks, which tend
to attract local residents who need a place for their pets to exercise rather than travelers. All-inclusive
resorts are those in which food and beverages are included in the price of the guest's stay. All-inclusive
resorts may or may not allow pets on the property.
SOURCE: NF:048 Describe current issues and trends in the hospitality and tourism industry
SOURCE: Social Tables. (n.d.). Why pet-friendly hotels are winning over new customers. Retrieved
September 17, 2021, from https://www.socialtables.com/blog/hospitality/pet-friendly-hotels/
57. C
Determine if the guest has enough available credit to pay for the room. Upon check-in, if the guest is
paying with a credit card, the clerk will use the information on the credit card to verify that the guest has
enough available credit to pay for the room for the entire stay. Even if the guest would prefer to have their
credit card charged in advance of their stay, the hotel would not charge the guest for any room service
until that service has been ordered by the guest. The clerk would not need any credit card information to
make a reservation at the hotel restaurant. Any voucher created at the front desk would not require the
addition of any credit card information.
SOURCE: NF:060 Explain ways that technology impacts the hospitality and tourism industry
SOURCE: Warehouse Hotel. (2021, June 24). Everything you need to know about a hotel's credit card
hold. Retrieved September 17, 2021, from
https://www.warehousehotel.com/manheim/blog/everything-about-hotel-credit-card-holds
58. B
Prevent fraud. It is important for businesses to prevent and avoid credit card fraud. One way to do so is to
compare customers' credit cards to their identification. This ensures that the cards they are using belong
to them. Asking to see identification does not encourage cash payments. The employees should know
whom to charge without needing to see identification. There is no law that requires employees to see
identification when customers pay with credit cards.
SOURCE: OP:653 Identify credit card fraud prevention methods
SOURCE: International Bancard. (2017, March 25). 6 easy ways your business can avoid credit card
fraud. Retrieved September 17, 2021, from https://startupnation.com/manage-yourbusiness/avoid-credit-card-fraud/

Test 1253

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

23

59. C
Deciding what to monitor. Walker is selecting the specific criteria he wants to monitor during the course of
his project and when he will monitor them. This is the first step to monitoring projects and taking
corrective actions. Walker is not making changes/corrections, gathering data, or communicating with
stakeholders.
SOURCE: OP:520 Monitor projects and take corrective actions
SOURCE: LAP-OP-520—Check Your (Project) Pulse (Monitoring Projects and Taking Corrective
Actions)
60. A
Save time. A project's scope means what it includes—and what it doesn't include. Keeping this in mind
during the planning process helps project managers save time by avoiding working on tasks that are
outside the project's scope. Keeping project scope in mind will not necessarily help project managers
ensure a project's quality, help project managers avoid all risks, or help project managers earn more
money.
SOURCE: OP:001 Develop project plan
SOURCE: LAP-OP-001—Chart Your Course (Developing a Project Plan)
61. B
Reorder point. The reorder point is the level of inventory at which the business needs to place a reorder
with the vendor to replenish the inventory, which prevents stock-out situations. The business considers
the normal demand for the product, its safety stock, and the vendor's lead time to determine the reorder
point of a particular item. Profit margin, buyer's preferences, and accounts receivable are not primary
factors that a business considers when it determines when to place a reorder for a regularly stocked item.
SOURCE: OP:016 Place orders/reorders
SOURCE: QuickBooks. (2021). Reorder point formula - Know when to reorder. Retrieved September
20, 2021, from https://www.tradegecko.com/learning-center/reorder-point-formula-calculation
62. C
Standard purchase order. A standard purchase order is used as the need arises, generally for infrequent
or one-time purchases. Sunset Airlines is replacing a broken part to deal with a rare mechanical
malfunction, rather than ordering mechanical parts on a regular basis, so it is likely to use a standard
purchase order. Planned purchase orders are determined in advance and on a regular basis, rather than
as needed. Blanket purchase orders involve planning several orders at once, usually for a repetitive
purchase. A contract purchase order creates an agreement and terms of supply between a purchaser
and a business to form an ongoing relationship. A contract purchase order is not likely to be used for an
infrequent purchase such as a new mechanical part for a rare malfunction.
SOURCE: OP:250 Describe types of purchase orders
SOURCE: Unleashed. (2019, December 16). 4 types of purchase orders every business needs to know.
Retrieved September 18, 2021, from https://www.unleashedsoftware.com/blog/managingprocurement-purchase-orders
63. C
Trash bags, sanitizer, and light bulbs. All types of businesses keep maintenance supplies on hand to
ensure that the business is clean and that it runs smoothly. Trash bags, sanitizer, light bulbs, batteries,
cleaning items, paper towels, and mops are maintenance items that businesses keep on hand. Pens may
be classified as maintenance or office supplies. Computers, conveyer belts, and office furniture are
capital goods or equipment that businesses use to operate smoothly. Sportswear items (e.g., shorts, Tshirts) are most likely resale inventory.
SOURCE: OP:336 Discuss types of inventory
SOURCE: Magloff, L. (2016, October 26). Types of inventory for an organization. Retrieved September
18, 2021, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/types-inventory-organization-14109.html

Test 1253

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

24

64. A
Pareto chart. A Pareto chart is a type of bar graph that helps managers determine which problems should
be addressed first. A house of quality matrix is a tool that helps managers determine if a product meets
customer needs. Statistical quality control is a group of tools used to evaluate quality and identify
problems. A cause-and-effect diagram is a way to identify many potential causes of a problem and to sort
them into useful categories.
SOURCE: OP:163 Identify quality-control measures
SOURCE: LAP-OP-163—Take Control (Quality-Control Measures)
65. D
He is being reactive instead of proactive in his quality-control practices. Being proactive means
anticipating and preventing problems before they arise, rather than waiting for problems to surface and
handling them afterwards. As a quality-control specialist, it is Jackson's job to ensure that every room in
his hotel is satisfactory and up to guest standards. He should inspect each hotel room periodically, rather
than wait until he receives a complaint. The question does not provide enough information to conclude
that Jackson is failing to communicate with his staff, to inspect dirty rooms thoroughly enough, or to trust
his staff to perform their jobs well.
SOURCE: OP:164 Utilize quality control methods at work
SOURCE: Qualityze. (2021). Proactive vs reactive: Which approach is better to attain quality. Retrieved
September 20, 2021, from https://www.qualityze.com/proactive-vs-reactive-approach-betterattain-quality/
66. C
Contact the supplier to resolve the discrepancy. Businesses monitor and track their suppliers' invoices to
make sure they are billed correctly. If the business finds a discrepancy (e.g., incorrect discount amount)
on the invoice, the business should contact the supplier to make necessary adjustments. In many
situations, the supplier will send the business a revised invoice with the correct information. By paying an
invoice that is higher than stated in the original purchase order, Kara would be tying up funds that the
business could use for other things. If the supplier does not take steps to correct the invoicing error, it
might be appropriate to send a complaint to the supply company's president; however, Kara should begin
the process by contacting the appropriate supply-company employee (e.g., salesperson). The supplier
needs to generate a corrected invoice, not the business itself.
SOURCE: OP:184 Track invoices
SOURCE: Weber, A. (2019, July 9). 5 common invoicing problems and how to solve them. Retrieved
September 18, 2021, from https://www.supplyon.com/en/blog/how-to-solve-5-commoninvoicing-problems/
67. C
Scan the drive for viruses before opening it. External devices can carry viruses that can allow customer
data to be exposed to threats. Scanning the USB drive for viruses can detect any threats before the data
are exposed, protecting private customer information. Refusing to open the files isn't necessarily a
reasonable action, because Riley needs to view the files in one way or another. Deleting customer
information is not practical, because the information is probably necessary to the company's success.
Finally, firing the design firm is an unreasonable response because the firm did not necessarily do
anything to warrant such action.
SOURCE: OP:518 Comply with strategies to protect digital customer data (e.g., information about
customers, customers' credit-card numbers, passwords, customer transactions)
SOURCE: Locke, J.T. (n.d.). How to check a USB for a virus. Retrieved October 7, 2021, from
https://www.techwalla.com/articles/how-to-check-a-usb-for-a-virus
68. B
Masks. A ventilation mask, which is placed over the mouth and nose, hinders the risk of lung irritation or
damage that might be caused by harmful cleaning chemicals. Gloves protect the hands. Nets and mouth
guards do not protect a hotel's housekeeping employees from inhaling vapors.
SOURCE: OP:134 Practice safe and sanitary handling/disposal of wastes/recyclables
SOURCE: Midlab. (2019, June 18). Storing & handling cleaning chemicals: What you need to know.
Retrieved September 18, 2021, from https://www.midlab.com/06/storing-handling-cleaningchemicals/

Test 1253

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

25

69. D
Conduct emergency drills. Employees who practice evacuations and take part in emergency simulations
are likely to respond more calmly when unexpected situations—fires, power failures, natural disasters,
and medical issues—occur. Some hotels may use computer presentations to supplement their
emergency training programs. An organizational chart is a graphical representation of the flow of
authority within an organization. Assembling first aid kits and developing organizational charts are not
actions that help employees respond appropriately in emergencies.
SOURCE: OP:119 Handle emergency situations in hospitality and tourism
SOURCE: The Receptionist. (n.d.). 4 tips for conducting workplace emergency drills. Retrieved
September 18, 2021, from https://thereceptionist.com/blog/4-tips-for-conducting-workplaceemergency-drills/
70. B
Follow security checkpoint procedures. Due to terrorism threats, airports require passengers to follow
several procedures before boarding airplanes. The procedures typically involve baggage searches and
electronic body scans to check for potentially deadly items such as explosives, guns, and knives.
Passengers are required to remain seated and wear seatbelts during takeoff and landing for personal
safety reasons. While in the air, airlines typically allow passengers to get out of their seats to use the
bathroom facilities. Boarding the airplane one person at a time does not reduce the risk of air-travel
terrorism attacks, because security measures occur before the passengers board the airplane.
SOURCE: OP:115 Explain security considerations in the hospitality and tourism industry
SOURCE: Transportation Security Administration. (n.d.). Security screening. Retrieved September 18,
2021, from https://www.tsa.gov/travel/security-screening
71. B
Reduced stress. Being orderly and systematic reduces stress on the job. Stress is often caused by the
feeling that you have little or no control over your work or the circumstances in which you do it. Getting
organized helps you reduce stress by giving you some sense of control over what you do. This benefits
the business by improving its image and increasing your productivity. Increased clutter would indicate a
lack of organization.
SOURCE: PD:009 Demonstrate systematic behavior
SOURCE: Glover, C. (2021, February 19). Tips for reducing stress by getting organized. Retrieved
September 20, 2021, from https://www.sortifyd.com/tips-for-reducing-stress-by-gettingorganized/
72. C
Convention and visitors bureau. The purpose of a convention and visitors bureau (CVB) is to encourage
tourism and convince businesses and organizations to hold conventions and trade shows in a particular
city or region. Industry trade associations are groups of persons working in the same industry who
collaborate to further the industry's interests and goals. Examples of trade associations include the
National Restaurant Association and the International Executive Housekeepers Association (IEHA). A
travel agency is a privately owned business that sells travel, tour, and hospitality products on behalf of
the producers. A tour operator carries out tours.
SOURCE: PD:272 Explain career opportunities in hospitality and tourism
SOURCE: Georgia Association of Convention & Visitors Bureaus. (n.d.). What is a CVB? Retrieved
September 18, 2021, from https://www.gacvb.com/what-is-a-cvb73. 

73. C 
Trade. A trade association is a group of persons in the same industry who form a society to solve
common problems and increase profits. Local associations are groups of persons who join together in a
community for social or civic pursuits. Marketing associations focus on one aspect of business. A legal
association is comprised of attorneys.
SOURCE: PD:036 Utilize resources that can contribute to professional development (e.g., trade
journals/periodicals, professional/trade associations, classes/seminars, trade shows, and
mentors)
SOURCE: Property Care Association. (2021). What is a trade association? Retrieved September 20,
2021, from https://www.property-care.org/us/trade-association/

Test 1253

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

26

74. D
“Is what I'm about to do in line with protocol?” To make sure that you are adhering to your company's
policies and procedures, you should ask yourself before you perform any activity, “Is what I'm about to do
in line with company protocol?” If not, you shouldn't do it. It would be unnecessary and irrelevant to ask
yourself if your parents would approve of your behavior, how long you can postpone doing the activity, or
what you will get in return for doing the activity.
SOURCE: PD:250 Adhere to company protocols and policies
SOURCE: LAP-PD-250—Do You Follow? (Adhering to Company Protocols and Policies)
75. A
Help the business achieve its organizational goals. A business must hire employees who have the skills
to carry out the tasks that are needed to achieve its organizational goals. Without the appropriate skills,
the business will not run efficiently or compete effectively in the marketplace, which is likely to result in
financial losses. Hiring skilled employees will not necessarily help a business determine funding needs or
analyze profit margins. Managers, rather than employees, set the business's organizational standards.
SOURCE: PD:255 Ascertain employee's role in meeting organizational goals
SOURCE: Ryba, K. (2021, February 23). How to align individual, team, and organizational goals for
success. Retrieved September 20, 2021, from https://www.quantumworkplace.com/future-ofwork/how-to-align-organizational-goals
76. B
Mobility. Automobiles, airplanes, roads, and highway systems have made travel faster and easier and
increased individuals' mobility. As a result, the demand for hospitality services has increased because
more people are traveling for business and pleasure. The development and widespread use of cars and
airplanes has not increased the general public's sensitivity, creativity, or stability.
SOURCE: PD:105 Describe the development of the hospitality and tourism industry
SOURCE: Extension Foundation. (2019, July 25). What are the differences between mobility,
accessibility, and connectivity in transportation planning? Retrieved September 18, 2021,
from https://community-planning.extension.org/what-are-the-differences-between-mobilityaccessibility-and-connectivity-in-transportation-planning/
77. B
Attractions; recreation. The hospitality industry provides services to people who are away from home.
The recreation industry, which is a segment of the hospitality industry, provides services designed to
provide rest, relaxation, and enjoyment. Zoos, museums, and amusement parks are attractions that are
designed to provide visitors with enjoyment. Entertainment businesses, which are also a part of the
recreation industry, include movie theaters, concerts, and plays. The lodging industry consists of
businesses (e.g., hotels, motels, and resorts) that provide sleeping accommodations for travelers. Travel
businesses (e.g., airlines and car rental companies) provide transportation. The tourism industry consists
of businesses (e.g., tour operators, convention planners, and travel agencies) that promote travel for
business and leisure. Events are special or planned occurrences and include occasions such as
weddings, birthday parties, and fundraisers.
SOURCE: PD:111 Describe the nature of the hospitality and tourism industry
SOURCE: Novak, P. (2017, April 24). What are the 4 segments of the hospitality industry. Retrieved
September 18, 2021, from https://www.hospitalitynet.org/opinion/4082318.html
78. A
Profitable. Before a new product is introduced, companies must determine if there is a market for the
product and if there will be sufficient demand for it to generate a profit. A franchise is a contractual
agreement between a parent company and a franchisee to distribute goods and services. A guarantee is
a promise made by the seller to the consumer that the seller will refund the consumer's purchase price if
the product does not perform as expected. Intangible means not capable of being detected through
touch.
SOURCE: PI:001 Explain the nature and scope of the pricing function
SOURCE: LAP-PI-001—The Price Is Right (Nature of Pricing)

Test 1253

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

27

79. B
Customer’s point of view. Because customers buy benefits as well as the product or service,
product/service management must be approached from the customer’s point of view. Too often,
producers concentrate on the product itself and its technological benefits without taking into consideration
the benefits that appeal to the customer. The challenge facing product/service managers is pleasing
customers whose wants and needs seem to change constantly. Product/Service managers should
monitor competitors’ actions and plan products that will effectively compete with those offered by
competitors.
SOURCE: PM:001 Explain the nature and scope of the product/service management function
SOURCE: LAP-PM-017—Serving Up Products (Nature of Product/Service Management)
80. D
Sales of established products may decline. The addition of higher-quality items to a product mix may
cause sales of established products to decline. Disadvantages associated with the use of contraction
strategies include increased market risk and loss of customer goodwill. The difficulty of predicting
success is a disadvantage associated with an alteration product-mix strategy.
SOURCE: PM:003 Explain the concept of product mix
SOURCE: LAP-PM-003—Mix and Match (The Nature of the Product Mix)
81. C
Preference. Brand preference is the level of brand loyalty in which customers desire one brand over
another but will accept substitutes if the brand is not available. Brand insistence is the level of brand
loyalty in which customers will accept only one brand. Brand recognition is the level of brand loyalty in
which customers are aware of a brand but not necessarily through personal experience. Responsiveness
is not a level of brand loyalty.
SOURCE: PM:021 Explain the nature of product/service branding
SOURCE: LAP-PM-021—It's a Brand, Brand, Brand World! (Nature of Product Branding)
82. A
Reinforce a business's image. Core values represent the underlying worth of products and the image
those products project. The image of products reinforces a business's image. Ideally, the core values of
the business and its products should be the same or compatible. For example, exhibiting social
responsibility is a core value. Businesses project this value in their products by making products that are
safe. Communicating the core value of product safety also reinforces the business's image of being
socially responsible. Communicating the core values of products is not an effective way to explain the
price structure, analyze the sales operation, or create a distribution channel.
SOURCE: PM:214 Communicate core values of product/service
SOURCE: Porter, J. (n.d.). How to communicate product value. Retrieved September 18, 2021, from
https://mixergy.com/course-cheat-sheet-communicating-product-value/
83. D
Lodging. The core product of a hotel in the hospitality industry is lodging, which involves providing
overnight sleeping accommodations for guests. The various segments of the hospitality industry offer a
range of accommodations including economy, full-service, and resort. Many properties also offer
complementary products, such as entertainment, food service, and retailing; however, the main product
is lodging. For example, an economy property that provides rooms is selling only the core product, while
a resort that has many restaurants, nightly entertainment, and retail shops is selling the core product as
well as complementary products.
SOURCE: PM:081 Explain the concept of product in the hospitality and tourism industry
SOURCE: Reynolds, M. (2019, March 5). Three categories of the hospitality industry. Retrieved
September 18, 2021, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/three-categories-hospitalityindustry-58524.html

Test 1253

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

28

84. C
A broader market appeal. The main reason that hotels create new properties targeted at different market
segments is to appeal to a broader customer base. Differentiation of new properties is actually more
difficult to achieve with multiple properties using the same or similar brand names. While all the hotels
bearing a brand name may benefit from advertising, the advertising is still a business expense that must
be paid for. Offering a wide selection of hotel properties does not necessarily reduce competition from
other hotel chains.
SOURCE: PM:099 Explain the nature of product extensions in the hospitality and tourism industry
SOURCE: Butler, J.M. (2016, September 21). Hotels - Brand expansion or brand explosion? Retrieved
September 18, 2021, from https://www.lexology.com/library/detail.aspx?g=6a8a9d81-b6fb4f92-88e6-4474218564cd
85. A
Blind testing. To evaluate multiple vendors' canned goods, restaurants can obtain input from crossfunctional teams of employees as well as guests. To avoid receiving biased input, use of blind testing is
recommended. With this technique, the food items are removed from their cans so that evaluators do not
know for which brand they are providing feedback. Can-cutting is an evaluation procedure in which
canned goods are opened and their contents compared. This does not ensure unbiased feedback,
however. Random access and sampling are research terms and do not apply to product evaluation.
SOURCE: PM:239 Evaluate vendors' goods and services
SOURCE: Kuhn, G. (2020, November 20). What is blind testing in market research? Retrieved
September 18, 2021, from https://www.driveresearch.com/market-research-companyblog/what-is-blind-testing-in-market-research-customer-experience-cx-syracuse/
86. C
Increase sales. Promotion is the communication of information about goods, services, images, and/or
ideas to achieve a desired outcome. The most obvious way that businesses benefit from the use of
promotion is through increased sales. Promotion should be factual and relevant to the intended
audience, but those are characteristics of promotion, not goals. Promotion is intended to inform
consumers, but salespeople should know about their company's promotions and be familiar with their
content.
SOURCE: PR:001 Explain the role of promotion as a marketing function
SOURCE: LAP-PR-002—Razzle Dazzle (Nature of Promotion)
87. D
Product sampling. When product sampling is used, the customer receives a "free trial" without having to
make a purchase. Sales promotion is defined as promotional activities other than advertising, personal
selling, and public relations that stimulate consumer purchases. Common sales promotion activities
include visual merchandising (displays), fashion shows, coupons, free samples, and premiums. When
premiums are used, the customer receives a gift contingent upon the purchase of a good or service.
SOURCE: PR:003 Identify the elements of the promotional mix
SOURCE: Peekage. (2021, March 15). Definitive guide about product sampling: Definition, importance,
distribution, effectiveness, strategies, techniques, ideas & more. Retrieved September 18,
2021, from https://peekage.com/blog/what-is-product-sampling

Test 1253

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

29

88. A
Personal selling. Personal selling is the form of promotion that determines client needs and wants and
responds through planned, personalized communication that influences purchase decisions and
enhances future business opportunities. Personal selling is often effective when dealing with corporate
travel departments and meeting planners because it frequently involves meeting personally with those
people to discuss their travel needs. Corporate travel departments and meeting planners arrange travel
for many people and are interested in obtaining the best service and price. Having personal
conversations makes it possible to find out what they need and then offer the services that satisfy those
needs. For example, an airline might use personal selling to promote itself as the most efficient and
economical carrier for a business whose employees frequently fly across the country. Public relations is a
function of business designed to establish good relations between the business and the public. Radio
advertising is a promotional method that reaches a general audience rather than corporate travel
departments and meeting planners. Award programs are intended to reward loyalty or productivity.
SOURCE: PR:082 Explain promotional methods used by the hospitality and tourism industry
SOURCE: Jerpi, L. (2019, March 6). Marketing strategies for personal selling. Retrieved September 18,
2021, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/marketing-strategies-personal-selling46563.html
89. B
Quality assurance. Quality assurance is an organization-wide system that businesses use to ensure
quality standards by preventing defective products from being created in the first place. It includes quality
control (inspection), but it is much more than just that. Quality improvement involves an organization’s
willingness to change and adapt for the purpose of maintaining quality. Quality command is not a
common aspect of quality management.
SOURCE: QM:001 Explain the nature of quality management
SOURCE: LAP-QM-001—Keep It Quality (Nature of Quality Management)
90. C
Enterprise risk management. Enterprise risk management (ERM) is a comprehensive risk management
strategy that attempts to identify potential risks and plan for responding to them. Enterprise risk
management should be influenced by a company's overarching strategies and vision. The company is
likely not using marketing-information management, managerial accounting, or quality management in
this instance.
SOURCE: RM:062 Discuss the nature of enterprise risk management (ERM)
SOURCE: Mansinghka, A. (2021, September 20). Enterprise risk management framework: 8 core
components. Retrieved October 7, 2021, from https://www.saviom.com/blog/enterprise-riskmanagement-framework-core-components/
91. C
Sell. Selling is important in all industries. Without it, people would not have businesses. For example, if
college educators didn't have courses to sell, there would be no need for colleges. Not all businesses
manufacture, invent, or patent the products they provide.
SOURCE: SE:017 Explain the nature and scope of the selling function
SOURCE: LAP-SE-017—Sell Away (The Nature and Scope of Selling)
92. C
Efficient services. By offering efficient services, a hotel provides an environment that helps build a loyal
clientele. Efficient services make an important contribution to the creation of goodwill and the cultivation
of client loyalty. Convention guests usually appreciate the good service they receive from a hotel, which
will encourage them to return and to become regular guests. Hotels usually do not offer free samples.
The complimentary items provided in rooms are amenities rather than free samples. Hotels do not
provide training to guests. Hotels use promotional materials as selling tools to attract guests.
SOURCE: SE:828 Explain key factors in building a clientele
SOURCE: LAP-SE-828—Keep Them Loyal (Key Factors in Building Clientele)

Test 1253

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

30

93. B
Can make the salesperson's job easier. The information provided in the brochure may answer questions
that the prospect has about the company. This creates a positive image in the customer's mind and can
shorten the selling process for the salesperson. The salesperson's productivity is increased because
better use is made of their time. Most company brochures are written to create a good image for the
company. The only time it would be a waste of postage to mail them would be when prospective
customers had not been carefully chosen.
SOURCE: SE:062 Acquire product information for use in selling
SOURCE: American Psychological Association Services. (2021). Build your client base with a practice
brochure. Retrieved September 20, 2021, from
https://www.apaservices.org/practice/business/marketing/building/brochure
94. C
Recommendations of friends. People often rely heavily on the recommendations of friends, relatives, and
associates when choosing travel destinations. When friends share information about good experiences
on cruise ships or on escorted tours, they often encourage each other to take similar trips. People may
assume that they and their friends have similar likes and dislikes and would enjoy the same travel
destinations. People usually do not select a destination if their friends had a bad experience and do not
recommend it. People are not motivated to choose travel destinations because of the methods of
promotion, actions of competitors, or level of maintenance.
SOURCE: SE:220 Explain factors that motivate people to choose a hospitality and tourism site
SOURCE: Windstar Cruises. (2019, April 16). How to decide where to travel. Retrieved September 20,
2021, from https://www.windstarcruises.com/blog/how-to-decide-where-to-travel/
95. C
Hotel employee recommending local attractions. Front desk employees often tell guests about the area's
attractions to encourage tourism, which strengthens the local economy. In the example, the front desk
clerk is telling the guest about an outdoor play (attraction) in the area. Therefore, a hotel employee is
recommending local attractions. The front desk clerk is not providing guided tour information. There is not
enough information provided to determine if the guest asked the front desk clerk about festivals and tours
or if the guest collected tour brochures from the lobby display rack.
SOURCE: SE:221 Recommend hospitality and tourism services
SOURCE: Owens, D. (n.d.). Chapter 6. Entertainment. Retrieved September 20, 2021, from
https://opentextbc.ca/introtourism/chapter/chapter-6-entertainment/
96. A
Do you require an accessible room? When guests call to make a reservation, it is important to find out
whether they have any special needs or requests, such as an accessible room. While finding out a
guest's reason for traveling, dietary preferences, and transportation plans may be important under some
circumstances, they are not as important as making sure the guest's room requirements are met.
SOURCE: SE:477 Process telephone orders in hospitality and tourism
SOURCE: Byrne-Haber, S. (2019, November 22). Elements of an accessible hotel room. Retrieved
September 20, 2021, from https://sheribyrnehaber.medium.com/elements-of-an-accessiblehotel-room-fb9fc982d382
97. B
Gift cards. Gift card sales are an important source of revenue for many types of hospitality businesses.
Consumers purchase gift cards for others because the gift recipients can book a reservation where and
when they want it, which provides them with flexibility. Hotel chains do not typically sell spa points,
contest passes, or keyless cards.
SOURCE: SE:479 Sell gift certificates in hospitality and tourism
SOURCE: Hochberg, E. (2020, December 7). 11 hotel and Airbnb gift cards to give now so they can
use for future travel. Retrieved September 20, 2021, from
https://www.businessinsider.com/best-hotel-airbnb-gift-cards

Test 1253

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

31

98. D
$123.36. To determine the amount charged to Mrs. Walsh's credit card, begin by calculating the
extension price of the multiple items (shrimp cocktail and iced tea) by multiplying the dollar amount of
each item by the number of items ordered (2 X $12.95 = $25.90; 2 X $2.10 = $4.20). Next, add together
the extension prices of the shrimp cocktails and the iced teas with the dollar amounts of the rest of the
food items ordered ($25.90 + $4.20 + $36.75 + $22.50 + $6.95 = $96.30). Next, multiply the sales tax
percentage rate by the total dollar amount of the food and beverages to obtain the total dollar amount
due to the hotel restaurant ($96.30 X 106.75% [or 1.0675] = $102.80). Next, multiply the total dollar
amount owed to the restaurant by the tip percentage rate to obtain the total dollar amount charged to
Mrs. Walsh's credit card ($102.80 X 120% [or 1.20] = $123.36).
SOURCE: SE:329 Process sales transactions (e.g., cash, credit, check)
SOURCE: CK-12. (2021, September 7). Total bill including tip and tax. Retrieved September 20, 2021,
from https://k12.libretexts.org/Bookshelves/Economics/05%3A_The_Roadmap_to_Financial_Security/5.03%3A_CONCEPT-_Total_Bill_Including_Tip_and_Tax
99. B
AJK Corporation has a CEO, followed by six vice presidents who manage the company's product lines. A
divisional structure is an organizational design in which the firm is broken down into units according to
factors such as product, process, territory, customer type, etc. AJK Corporation is divided by product
lines, so it has a divisional structure. Perkins Pottery has a functional structure. There is no indication that
Tom's company has a divisional organizational structure. A photography business with only three
employees is too small to use a divisional structure.
SOURCE: SM:064 Explain managerial considerations in organizing
SOURCE: LAP-SM-064—Put It All Together (Managerial Considerations in Organizing)
100. C
Motivating. Directing is the management function of providing guidance to workers and work projects.
Directing often involves motivating employees, which is getting employees to strive to achieve
management's objectives because they want to achieve them. Managers motivate employees in a variety
of ways, including providing positive feedback and encouragement as well as offering attractive
compensation packages (salary and benefits). Planning is the management function of deciding what will
be done and how it will be accomplished. Coordinating work tasks is an activity in the organizing function
of management, which involves setting up the way the business's work will be done.
SOURCE: SM:066 Discuss managerial considerations in directing
SOURCE: Heathfield, S.M. (2021, March 1). How great managers motivate their employees. Retrieved
September 20, 2021, from https://www.thebalancecareers.com/how-great-managersmotivate-their-employees-1918772

