1. A restaurant chain claims that a competitor does not follow hygiene standards, but it does not have any proof to support the claim. Which type of tort has the restaurant chain committed?
A. Strict liability
B. Negligent
C. Intentional
D. Criminal

2. David checked his luggage with a SkyHigh airline attendant before boarding a plane that was traveling from the Atlanta airport to the Denver airport. When he arrived at the Denver airport, David discovered that his luggage was lost. Who is liable for David's loss?
A. The SkyHigh Airline
B. The Atlanta airport
C. The Denver airport
D. The airline attendant

3. When Arthur travels out of the country, he picks up some souvenirs. When he tries to bring them back home with him, he discovers that he has to pay a tax on them. Arthur must pay the
A. travel duty
B. travel tax
C. customs duty
D. souvenir tax

4. What is the first step to providing a response to a customer's question?
A. Listening carefully to the whole question
B. Asking another coworker for help
C. Asking the customer clarifying questions
D. Avoiding giving the customer too much information

5. You think you have the best solution for a problem at work, but your colleagues don't believe that your idea will work. What should you do?
A. Accept defeat
B. Become defensive
C. Remain patient
D. Reject feedback

6. When giving an oral presentation, where should your eyes focus?
A. Look at your notes to make sure you stay on track
B. Look directly at the most important person in the room
C. Look around the room, making eye contact with the audience
D. Look at the screen to make sure your PowerPoint slides are correct

7. Hazel is organizing her company's unpaid invoices. She orders them by date, starting with the earliest unpaid invoice and ending with the most recent. Hazel is organizing the invoices
A. by order of importance
B. chronologically
C. geographically
D. deductively

8. Which of the following is an example of a simple report that businesspeople write:
A. Customer survey
B. Marketing plan
C. Instruction manual
D. Weekly status report

9. Rather than insisting that every company employee use the same method to introduce customers to the business's newest products, each employee can choose their own way to talk to customers about these products. As a result, some customers view the products favorably while others fail to recognize any benefits offered by those products. Which of the following customer service challenges is the company failing to meet:
A. Delivering consistent service
B. Training a diverse workforce
C. Accommodating special needs
D. Providing career advancement

10. An effective way to resolve customer complaints in the hospitality and tourism industry is to
A. be aware of common triggers of conflict
B. understand what guests truly want
C. maintain an authoritative attitude
D. escalate conflict to upper management

11. Employees can reinforce their company's positive image by
A. delivering on the company's brand promise
B. developing a broad product/service mix
C. sharing its intellectual property with competitors
D. advocating prestige pricing and price skimming

12. Good service is especially important in the hospitality and tourism industry because success relies upon
A. high-end products
B. return customers
C. smart sales strategies
D. networking efforts

13. A hotel owner plans to conduct secondary research to learn more about guest satisfaction. Which of the following options would be the most appropriate method of secondary research for the hotel owner:
A. Review customer comments in the hotel database
B. Create a satisfaction survey to provide to all new guests
C. Interview the hotel staff members about guests' attitudes
D. Observe hotel guests to determine their satisfaction

14. What is a likely result of accommodating a customer's special request?
A. Other customers will feel they are not being treated fairly
B. The customer will generate word-of-mouth influence
C. The customer will become even more demanding
D. The company will be perceived as inadequate

15. The main difference between customer relationship management and customer experience management is that CRM focuses on
A. the business itself
B. customers
C. product development
D. investors

16. The manager of the Majesty Resort just quit in the middle of summer vacation season. They told the owner that they felt too overwhelmed by all of the work they had to do. The owner of the Majesty Resort should have
A. closed down the resort during peaks in demand
B. hired a more responsible manager
C. convinced the manager to stay
D. increased staffing for peaks in demand

17. What economic activity examines how money payments are divided between resource owners and producers?
A. Exchange
B. Consumption
C. Distribution
D. Production

18. Which of the following is a benefit of opening a franchise:
A. Large profits are made through added value
B. Franchisors must pay annual royalties
C. A working business model is already available
D. Franchises have substantial purchasing power

19. Which of the following "adaptable" strategies seeks to strengthen an organization by bringing employees together as well as by empowering them as individuals:
A. Slack resources
B. Marketing orientation
C. Organizational learning
D. Competitive aggression

20. What is one of the reasons that economic systems are necessary?
A. People are interdependent
B. Governments are unstable
C. Products are expensive
D. Resources are unlimited

21. Consumer spending is most likely to increase when
A. unemployment rates decline
B. interest rates rise rapidly
C. business production slows
D. a recession begins

22. Cara recently purchased a local coffee shop from Tom. She runs the day-to-day operations of the coffee shop—hiring employees, ordering goods, and determining daily specials. She is happy running the coffee shop as it is and has no plans to expand. What does this situation exemplify?
A. Cara is a wholesaler
B. Cara is an entrepreneur
C. Cara is a franchisor
D. Cara is a small-business owner

23. Making a decision when facing an ethical dilemma will most likely make you
A. anxious
B. less content
C. unhappy
D. more satisfied

24. To manage their work commitments in a timely manner, businesspeople should
A. estimate the time that it takes them to perform their tasks
B. ask their coworkers to help them with routine activities
C. work on enjoyable tasks before tackling the unpleasant tasks
D. identify shortcuts that they can take to get their work done quickly

25. When Sandy walks down the sidewalk, she looks people in the eye and says hello. What characteristic of a positive attitude does this display?
A. Positive people are pleasant and smiling
B. Positive people are responsible
C. Positive people are flexible
D. Positive people are uncomplaining

26. Jeremy listened to his friend Mike's description of a problem Mike recently had at work and said, "It's easy to see why you are so upset." What empathetic trait does Jeremy have?
A. Honesty
B. Understanding
C. Sharing
D. Open-mindedness

27. Tremont is the head manager of a successful downtown restaurant. The owner has requested a meeting with the staff to acquire their input on ways to maintain and improve their excellent service. Tremont realizes that some members of the wait staff are very reserved individuals. Other members of the wait staff are outspoken and impulsively offer unrealistic ideas. What could Tremont do to ensure the staff members provide their opinions and ideas in a productive way at the meeting?
A. Ask the owner to share his expectations and future goals for service levels at the meeting
B. Ask staff members probing questions about the current quality of service at the meeting
C. Ask each staff member to bring two suggestions for service improvements to the meeting
D. Provide time at the meeting for an open discussion about service among all staff members

28. Michael is applying for a new part-time job. What should he do to increase his chances of receiving an interview?
A. Send the hiring manager a weekly letter of interest
B. Emphasize his communication skills on his résumé
C. Provide the employer with his most recent credit report
D. Ask current employees to vouch for his abilities

29. Zachary's team includes people from many different departments working together to complete a project. Zachary is a member of what type of team?
A. Standing committee
B. Cross-functional
C. Self-directed
D. Quality circle

30. Which of the following is an example of a workplace dilemma:
A. Using vacation time
B. Academic dishonesty
C. Appropriate use of resources
D. Befriending coworkers

31. Something that is the current or existing way of completing a task is often referred to as
A. status quo bias
B. effective
C. the status quo
D. herd mentality

32. Depending on the circumstances, stealing someone else’s idea and passing it off as your own may constitute
A. ethical accountability
B. trademark awareness
C. copyright infringement
D. business negligence

33. Which of the following is a benefit of credit cards over debit cards:
A. Lower risk of debt
B. Interest payments
C. Consumer protections
D. Convenience

34. Maggie is creating a personal budget. How should she categorize her monthly rent and student loan payments, which are consistent from month to month, when organizing her budget?
A. Variable income
B. Fixed expenses
C. Fixed income
D. Variable expenses

35. If you do not keep up with the balance of your checking account, you might
A. incur fees and penalties
B. have your identity stolen
C. prevent fraudulent charges
D. challenge the bank's authority

36. When Armand is reconciling his accounts by comparing his personal records with his recent bank statement, he must make sure that he has subtracted any __________ from his checkbook.
A. transaction fees
B. accumulated interest
C. payroll deposits
D. check numbers

37. Le' Grand Hotel experienced record profits and chose to reinvest those profits back into the hotel for a major remodeling project. Where would these retained earnings be represented on a balance sheet?
A. Under contributed capital
B. Under assets
C. Under stockholders' equity
D. Under revenue

38. What do businesses often develop to reduce the possibility of employees accepting payment from customers without recording the sale?
A. Internal control procedures
B. Credit card restrictions
C. Two-person teams
D. Break-even requirements

39. A business's finance function may be compromised by groupthink because the practice is likely to
A. provoke conflict because it encourages others to express their opinions
B. pressure employees to conform under questionable circumstances
C. hinder consensus building in favor of individuality
D. take a lot of time to evaluate problems to make ethical business decisions

40. When a guest makes guaranteed reservations with a credit card, how is an authorization check applied to the card?
A. The card is charged with the full room rate when the reservation is made
B. A hold is placed on a portion of the card's available credit line when the reservation is made
C. A hold is placed on a portion of the card's available credit line when the guest checks in
D. The card is charged with the full room rate when the guest checks in

41. After Taylor puts in her two weeks' notice at her job, her human resources manager schedules a time to sit down and talk about why she's leaving and how the company can improve. This is considered a(n) __________ interview.
A. recruiting
B. exit
C. orientation
D. onboarding

42. Why is it essential for a company to have firm policies concerning discriminatory behavior?
A. To eliminate discriminatory attitudes
B. To promote diversity
C. To eliminate workplace violence
D. To reduce diversity

43. Positive and negative results can often be directly related to a company's
A. name
B. taxes
C. actions
D. location

44. A floral shop offers build-your-own-bouquet events for brides and their bridal parties. This is an example of
A. mass marketing
B. segment marketing
C. demographic segmentation
D. loyalty response

45. Which of the following types of nonpublic personal information (NPI) can a company be held legally responsible for revealing:
A. A customer's ownership of a home
B. A record of bankruptcy
C. A customer's published phone number
D. A customer's payment history

46. A company's computer network allows many users to access the same programs on different computer units throughout the company. What type of computer operating system is the company using?
A. Hosted
B. Multithreading
C. Augmented
D. Multiprocessing

47. The primary purpose of groupware computer applications is to enable multiple employees with the ability to
A. obtain the same information from a central point of access
B. develop different formulas to manipulate financial data
C. save documents in a variety of versions and formats
D. create budgets for different business functions

48. What software do hotels, resorts, and various transportation entities use to expedite the reservation process for customers?
A. Customer relationship management
B. Customer reservation systems
C. Online booking
D. Websites

49. Which of the following is useful marketing information that a business might obtain by analyzing a customer database:
A. Total sales for each month of the previous year
B. The expense involved in developing a customer database
C. Federal identification numbers for current and past customers
D. The average customer is married, owns a home, and earns $50,000 a year

50. Which of the following is a benefit that comes from tracking analytics:
A. Saving money on web hosting costs
B. Preventing page bounces
C. Discovering new sales tactics
D. Measuring the success of marketing campaigns

51. The Demarco Hotel employed data mining techniques to analyze its clients' online search activity. It discovered that customers that visit antique shops also commonly tour art and history museums. What type of data mining tool did the hotel use?
A. Cluster detection
B. Anomaly detection
C. Association learning
D. Big data collection

52. A cafe owner has noticed many consumers prefer strongly caffeinated tea products. They decide to offer teas and lattes made with strongly caffeinated matcha green tea. The owner is responding to
A. a trend
B. the business cycle
C. competition
D. a government regulation

53. Esteban greets guests by name, makes eye contact, and smiles warmly as they pass. Esteban is demonstrating service that is
A. customer-focused
B. inconsistent
C. distant
D. accurate

54. The manager of an event center wants to know which of the three ballrooms guests prefer. Which of the following research methods would be most effective:
A. Reviewing customer records
B. Performing competitive analysis
C. Hosting a focus group
D. Tracking customer expenses

55. If a company wants to promote specific products to previous customers, what would be the best way for it to obtain the necessary data for a mailing list?
A. By reviewing its marketing research plans
B. By purchasing information from competitors
C. By purchasing data from outside researchers
D. By searching its own customer database

56. One of the advantages of using statistics is that individual employees' biases can't impact decision-making. That is because statistics are
A. affordable
B. objective
C. accurate
D. persuasive

57. What trend has resulted from the desire of the hospitality and tourism industry to gain a competitive advantage by exceeding customer expectations?
A. Increased emphasis on customer safety
B. Increased attention to legal issues
C. Increased emphasis on training
D. Increased attention to sustainable resources

58. How does offering personalized services usually impact a hotel's data management needs?
A. The hotel has to use a cloud-based management system
B. Personal information needs to be kept less secure
C. The hotel spends more time monitoring its online reputation
D. More data need to be captured and managed

59. Which of the following is unethical behavior in the operations function of business:
A. Developing scorecards to evaluate suppliers' performance levels
B. Using negotiating techniques to encourage a vendor to make concessions
C. Sharing a vendor's competitive bid information with another supplier
D. Setting deadlines for vendors to submit their bids

60. Which of the following activities falls under the function of distribution:
A. Cullen brainstorms and selects new product ideas
B. DJ monitors whether each product is meeting quality standards
C. Maryam calls each member of the sales team to hear how they're doing
D. Sarah hires a shipping service to get products to a retailer

61. If a business doesn't comply with health and safety regulations, it will most likely
A. gain a better reputation among the public
B. get a citation and possibly pay a fine
C. go bankrupt
D. have happier employees

62. Ruined reputation, lost revenue, and data leaks are all possible consequences of a(n)
A. information security breach
B. employee promotion
C. countrywide product recall
D. sexual assault scandal

63. The types of emergency evacuation procedures that a business implements are dependent upon
A. the business's goals
B. the organizational design
C. the business's financial standing
D. the business setting

64. To help identify the resources needed for a project, project managers often develop
A. schedules
B. checklists
C. timelines
D. summaries

65. The PVX automotive manufacturer keeps office supplies such as copy paper, pens, and notepads on hand at all times. These office supplies are part of the manufacturer's inventory of
A. MRO goods
B. raw materials
C. work-in-process
D. finished products

66. Filipe is a chef at a restaurant. He always starts with his resources, such as raw vegetables and meats, and then turns them into a fully cooked meal. When Filipe turns his ingredients into a complete meal, he's taking part in
A. dispatching
B. the conversion process
C. mass production
D. resource transformation

67. A hotel restaurant manager was reviewing an invoice from a food supplier and noticed that the hotel was charged for two cases of ketchup that the restaurant did not order or receive. In this situation, the invoice helped the manager identify a(n)
A. billing error
B. incorrect discount rate
C. duplicate order
D. product quality issue

68. Think about the last time you ate an apple. That apple passed through several hands before it reached your lunch bag. First, the apple was grown by a farmer, who sold it to a wholesaler or distributor, who then sold it to a retail store. Finally, the apple was bought by you or your parents—the final consumers. The apple's journey from farm to table is an example of
A. supply chain
B. deflation
C. manufacturing
D. marketing

69. Why is it important for companies to make inventories of their digital information?
A. To prevent unethical IT professionals from stealing company data
B. Because most employees don't use their computers wisely
C. So that the information is readily accessible when it is needed
D. So that the company can keep tabs on what employees are doing online

70. In 2018, the Thai government had to close its famous beach, Maya Bay, due to coral destruction from thousands of visiting tourists. This example illustrates an issue related to
A. customer expectations
B. environmental sustainability
C. skilled labor shortages
D. technological changes

71. Which of the following security measures is often found in lodging establishments:
A. Metal detectors
B. Radio frequency tags
C. Electronic key cards
D. Property management system

72. Throwing out junk mail and unnecessary documents on a regular basis will help you
A. maintain an organized workspace
B. ensure that you meet your deadlines
C. delegate your workload
D. prioritize routine work activities

73. What is a common activity that takes place during the “determining possible solutions” stage of the problem-solving process?
A. Detecting issues
B. Collecting relevant data
C. Brainstorming ideas
D. Checking assumptions

74. In many countries, employees have the right to join organizations that act on their behalf for good working conditions, benefits, and other job-related perks. In other words, workers have the right to
A. unlimited vacation days
B. expect criticism
C. demand recognition
D. form labor unions

75. Which of the following job titles is considered a travel and tourism career:
A. Director of recreation and parks
B. Director of convention and visitors bureau
C. Concession manager
D. Museum conservator

76. Ivana, a marketing major, earned college credit by working 10 hours a week for a semester at an advertising agency. Ivana was not paid, but she did gain valuable on-the-job work experience. Ivana completed a(n)
A. needs analysis
B. trade mission
C. internship
D. understudy

77. Following the chain of command is important to the overall business because it
A. increases efficiency
B. improves collaboration
C. facilitates teamwork
D. enhances creativity

78. The rise of user-friendly travel booking websites such as Expedia has contributed to the declining popularity of
A. rental car programs and services
B. cheap and discount cruise vacations
C. all-inclusive travel packages
D. brick-and-mortar travel agencies

79. A significant cause of variability in a hotel's service is
A. standardized check-in procedures
B. perishability of unsold rooms
C. differences in staff members' abilities
D. customer satisfaction surveys

80. Full-service hotels that provide upscale services and amenities usually charge high rates because their guests associate price with
A. economy
B. quality
C. supply
D. value

81. Product/Service management is a marketing function that involves obtaining, developing, maintaining, and improving a product or service mix in response to
A. market opportunities
B. competitors only
C. government oversight
D. CEO wishes

82. A fast-food restaurant decides to add a new line of salads to its menu. The company is using a(n) __________ product-mix strategy.
A. trading-up
B. contraction
C. expansion
D. trading-down

83. Hotels offering guests a weekend package that includes accommodations, meals, and a sightseeing trip is an example of
A. target advertising
B. price positioning
C. individual selling
D. product bundling

84. An all-inclusive resort hotel is about to open in a newly developed part of Jamaica. It will be the tallest building on the island. Its target market is 35- to 55-year-olds. The resort is right on the water and positioned so that guests have an unimpeded view of the sunset. A number of fast-food restaurants have also opened in the area. The resort is moderately priced. What would you suggest as the hotel's competitive advantage?
A. Location on the water
B. Easy access to fast-food restaurants
C. The hotel's moderate pricing
D. The hotel's target market

85. Passengers who travel on Smooth-Sailing Cruise Lines have opportunities to attend stand-up comedy performances, musical concerts, and theater shows while onboard the ship. The cruise line is offering services that provide
A. entertainment value
B. action-adventure experiences
C. educational opportunities
D. team-oriented activities

86. Which of the following is a characteristic of product extensions in the hospitality and tourism industry:
A. Expensive addition to a trip
B. Necessary part of the hospitality and tourism experience
C. Related to the original product
D. Sold only to generate income

87. Which of the following should be adjusted as demand for a product changes:
A. Assortment
B. Management
C. Promotion
D. Expansion

88. A pizza place advertises its organic toppings and extended delivery range. This is an example of what type of institutional promotion?
A. Primary
B. Public relations
C. Public service
D. Patronage

89. When evaluating the quality of its product, one factor that a business considers is the feedback that it receives from the product's users. This factor indicates
A. customer satisfaction levels
B. the product's durability
C. the efficiency of the production process
D. employee performance ratings

90. What type of control is typically used to help company executives understand the impact of external risks on the organization and its long-range plans?
A. Strategic
B. Management
C. Process
D. Variable

91. When Marcella participates in an industry trade show to find new customers, she's obtaining
A. company leads
B. external sources
C. personal sources
D. referrals

92. What type of product information might a salesperson obtain from reading a business's promotional materials?
A. Aptitudes
B. Demographics
C. Objectives
D. Characteristics

93. Which of the following is part of establishing relationships with customers:
A. Acknowledge their individuality
B. Probing
C. Reaching closure
D. Using suggestion selling

94. While taking a hotel reservation, Roxanne said, "Mrs. Whitaker, instead of the standard king room that you have requested, I do have a one-bedroom suite with an oceanfront view available for an additional $15 a night." In what activity is Roxanne engaging?
A. Upselling
B. Product bundling
C. Prospecting
D. In-depth questioning

95. To celebrate their 10th wedding anniversary in February, a husband and wife are planning a trip to a tropical island so that they can relax and get away from the hassles of everyday life. What motives are they satisfying?
A. Self-esteem
B. Self-actualization
C. Physiological
D. Safety and security

96. Because Julia enjoys learning about history, she typically likes to vacation at destinations that have museums and famous landmarks. A primary factor that impacts Julia's travel is her desire for
A. education
B. relaxation
C. health and fitness
D. live entertainment

97. When processing a hotel reservation by phone, it is most important to obtain information about the guest's
A. transportation arrangements
B. dietary requirements
C. seating preferences
D. arrival and departure dates

98. What is a question that a manager might ask when evaluating the effectiveness of organizing processes?
A. Should the company be restructured?
B. Why are sales decreasing?
C. Whom should we hire?
D. What should next quarter’s goals be?

99. Rita enjoys routine, so her manager gives her the same tasks every week. Therefore, Rita is satisfied with her job and wants to perform at a high level. Rita’s manager is motivating her based on
A. her need to please others
B. monetary reward
C. her need for stability
D. fear of failure

100. To manage potential business losses, the first step a company should take is to
A. identify its risks
B. purchase liability insurance
C. determine the probability of losses
D. respond to risks


/////

1. C
Intentional. Torts are civil wrongs that do not arise from contracts and that affect particular people or
businesses. There are three types of torts: intentional, negligent, and strict liability. Intentional torts are
voluntary acts of harm against a protected interest. For a tort to be intentional, the intent to harm must be
proven. In this case, the restaurant intended to harm its competitor by making false claims about its
hygiene standards. Negligent torts occur when harm is caused accidentally due to carelessness. Strict
liability torts occur when someone is responsible for harm without proof of carelessness. Criminal acts
are public wrongs that harm society as a whole, rather than causing harm to particular people or
businesses, as is the case with torts.
SOURCE: BL:069 Identify the basic torts relating to business enterprises
SOURCE: Laws.com (2020, September 12). A brief overview of tort law. Retrieved August 12, 2021,
from https://tort.laws.com/tort-law
2. A
The SkyHigh Airline. When David checked his luggage with the SkyHigh airline attendant before boarding
the airplane, the airline accepted responsibility for the safety of his belongings. Therefore, the airline is
liable for David's loss. Typically, passengers must file claims with the airlines to obtain compensation for
their losses. Under most circumstances, employers (SkyHigh Airline) are responsible for their employees'
actions, and by law, they are liable for their employees' on-the-job conduct. In addition, there is not
enough information provided to determine if the attendant was actually responsible for the loss. The
airports are not liable for the airlines' losses.
SOURCE: BL:135 Describe the rights of customers in the hospitality and tourism industry
SOURCE: U.S. Department of Transportation. (2019, October 4). Fly rights: A consumer guide to air
travel. Retrieved August 12, 2021, from https://www.transportation.gov/airconsumer/fly-rights
3. C
Customs duty. Goods that are brought across international borders are often subject to a tax called a
customs duty. This is meant to control the flow of goods. It is not called a travel tax, a travel duty, or a
souvenir tax.
SOURCE: BL:126 Describe the nature of customs regulations
SOURCE: U.S. Customs and Border Protection. (2021, January 27). Customs duty information.
Retrieved August 12, 2021, from https://www.cbp.gov/travel/internationalvisitors/kbyg/customs-duty-info
4. A
Listening carefully to the whole question. Before answering a customer's question, it's important to listen
to the whole question. This makes you less likely to get confused or give the customer a wrong answer.
After you listen to the whole question, you may ask another coworker for help or ask the customer
clarifying questions to get more detail about what they are asking. You should avoid giving the customer
too much information when answering, but that comes after listening to the whole question.
SOURCE: CO:060 Provide legitimate responses to inquiries
SOURCE: Universal Class. (1999-2021). Customer service help: Learning how to listen. Retrieved
August 12, 2021, from https://www.universalclass.com/articles/business/customer-carelearning-how-to-listen.htm
5. C
Remain patient. It may take some time and work to convince your coworkers that your idea is the best
option, so it's important to remain patient. Becoming defensive and rejecting feedback will not help you
be objective. Even though you don't want to become defensive, you also shouldn't go to the other
extreme and accept defeat when people disagree with you.
SOURCE: CO:061 Defend ideas objectively
SOURCE: Haddock, P. (2020). Defend your ideas without becoming defensive. Retrieved August 12,
2021, from https://gohighbrow.com/defend-your-ideas-without-becoming-defensive/

Test 1246

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

12

6. C
Look around the room, making eye contact with the audience. To establish a connection with audience
members and make them feel as if you are talking directly to them, you should make eye contact with
individuals around the room. Although you should know who the important decision makers are in the
room, only looking at one person will make that person uncomfortable and alienate the rest of the
audience. Looking at your notes or the PowerPoint (and as a result not making eye contact with the
audience) sends a nonverbal message that you are nervous or lack confidence in what you are saying.
SOURCE: CO:025 Make oral presentations
SOURCE: LAP-CO-025—Well Said! (Making Oral Presentations)
7. B
Chronologically. Chronological order is a way of organizing that puts information in sequence according
to time. When Hazel organizes her company's invoices from the earliest date to the most recent, she is
organizing them chronologically. The invoices are not organized by order of importance or
geographically. Deductive organizing begins with a general recommendation or statement, then includes
information that backs it up.
SOURCE: CO:086 Organize information
SOURCE: Burke, A. (2019, March 7). Examples of methods of organization. Retrieved August 12, 2021,
from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/examples-methods-organization-18982.html
8. D
Weekly status report. Simple reports are typically short and provide basic information. A weekly status
report that provides details about work completed on a project is an example of a simple report. A
marketing plan, which is a blueprint of a business's marketing activities, is a longer, more complex
document. An instruction manual and a customer survey are not types of reports.
SOURCE: CO:094 Prepare simple written reports
SOURCE: Jakub. (n.d.). Weekly status reports - What's the purpose? Retrieved August 12, 2021, from
https://blog.weekdone.com/purpose-of-weekly-status-reports/
9. A
Delivering consistent service. Since employees use a variety of different methods to introduce new
products to customers, they are not delivering consistent service. Different customers develop very
different opinions of those products, depending on which employees help them. There's no indication that
the company's employees come from a diverse background, have special needs, or are not provided with
career advancement opportunities.
SOURCE: CR:043 Describe customer-service challenges in the hospitality and tourism industry
SOURCE: Reynolds, J.S., & Chase, D.M. (2014). Hospitality services (3rd ed.) [pp. 44-45]. Tinley Park,
IL: Goodheart-Willcox.
10. B
Understand what guests truly want. In the hospitality and tourism industry, understanding what is truly
driving customers' complaints is essential. When you understand what guests want, you can easily fulfill
their needs and resolve conflict. Being aware of common triggers of conflict can help prevent conflict
rather than resolve it. Hospitality and tourism employees should maintain a positive attitude rather than
an authoritative attitude. Finally, hospitality and tourism employees do not necessarily need to escalate
conflict to upper management.
SOURCE: CR:044 Resolve hospitality and tourism related conflicts for customers
SOURCE: Friedlander, R.J. (2015, June 24). 6 guidelines for managing guest conflict and preventing
bad online reviews. Retrieved August 13, 2021, from
https://www.hospitalitynet.org/opinion/4070802.html

Test 1246

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

13

11. A
Delivering on the company's brand promise. A brand promise is a business's agreement (spoken or
unspoken) with customers that it will consistently meet their expectations and deliver on its brand
characteristics and values. By delivering on their company's brand promise, employees can reinforce the
company's positive image among customers. These employees become brand ambassadors,
communicating the company's vision, mission, and brand through their actions and words, both on the
job and off. Developing a broad product/service mix does not necessarily reinforce the company's
positive image. Betraying a company by sharing its intellectual property with competitors does nothing to
reinforce the company's positive image. Prestige pricing and price skimming do not reinforce a
company's positive image in every case.
SOURCE: CR:002 Determine ways of reinforcing the company's image through employee performance
SOURCE: Raghavan, D. (2019, July 17). How to engage your employees to deliver your brand
promise? Retrieved August 12, 2021, from https://thriveglobal.com/stories/how-to-engageyour-employees-to-deliver-your-brand-promise/
12. B
Return customers. When customers spend money on food, lodging, and travel, they expect an all-around
positive customer experience. Poor service is one of the most common reasons that an individual does
not return to a hospitality/tourism business. Return customers provide a significant amount of revenue for
a hospitality business, so it is important to exceed customer expectations when it comes to service. The
success of a hospitality/tourism business does not necessarily rely on high-end products, smart sales
strategies, or networking efforts.
SOURCE: CR:049 Explain the nature of customer service in the hospitality and tourism industry
SOURCE: Reynolds, J.S., & Chase, D. (2014). Hospitality services (3rd ed.) [p. 22]. Tinley Park, IL: The
Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
13. A
Review customer comments in the hotel database. Secondary research examines information that was
previously collected for other purposes. Reviewing customer comments stored in a database is an
example of secondary research since the data were previously collected. Creating a survey, interviewing
staff members, and observing guests are primary research activities since they are designed to collect
information specific to the research goal.
SOURCE: NF:281 Explain sources of secondary hospitality and tourism information
SOURCE: Destination BC. (2015, March). Research guide for tourism operators. Retrieved August 13,
2021, from https://www.destinationbc.ca/content/uploads/2018/07/TBE-Guide-ResearchGuide-For-Tourism-Operators-Mar-2015.pdf
14. B
The customer will generate word-of-mouth influence. When customers request special treatment,
honoring their requests will create an exceptional experience for them. They will be much more likely to
provide positive word-of-mouth feedback to other potential customers. It is not likely that other customers
will feel that they are not being treated fairly, that the customer will become even more demanding, or
that the company will be perceived as inadequate.
SOURCE: CR:054 Accommodate special needs/specific requests of customers
SOURCE: O'Neill, T. (2019, September 25). What going "above and beyond" for the customer really
means. Retrieved August 13, 2021, from https://blog.fctgcareers.com/blog/what-goingabove-and-beyond-for-the-customer-really-means
15. A
The business itself. The main difference between CRM and CEM is that CRM focuses on the business
itself—its goals, its strategies, its internal processes, etc. CEM, on the other hand, looks outward. Its
focus is on customer needs and wants (also known as a customer-centric focus). Neither CRM nor CEM
focus on product development or investors.
SOURCE: CR:016 Discuss the nature of customer relationship management
SOURCE: LAP-CR-016—Know When To Hold 'Em (Nature of Customer Relationship Management)

Test 1246

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

14

16. D
Increased staffing for peaks in demand. Employee turnover can become a problem during peaks in
demand, when employees (such as the manager in this example) become overworked and stressed.
This issue could have been avoided by increasing staffing to meet demand. Hiring a more responsible
manager might not necessarily help, because there still might not be enough staff to handle the demands
of the busiest seasons. Convincing the manager to stay would also not help with the excessive demand
unless other staff members were hired to help as well. Closing down the resort during peaks in demand
is not a good idea; the resort would lose revenue and would likely struggle to stay in business.
SOURCE: CR:038 Identify strategies to manage customer experience during peaks in demand
SOURCE: RoomkeyPMS. (2016, October 4). Staffing strategies for peak and off-seasons. Retrieved
August 13, 2021, from https://roomkeypms.com/blog/staffing-strategies-peak-off-seasons
17. C
Distribution. This economic activity examines how the money payments received by resource owners and
producers are divided or distributed. Resource owners must feel that the incomes they receive are large
enough so that they will continue to be willing to supply resources. Producers must receive enough
income so that they are able to continue making or providing goods and services. Consumption is the
process or activity of using goods and services. Production is the making of goods and services.
Exchange involves the trade of money payments between producers and the owners of resources.
SOURCE: EC:001 Describe the concepts of economics and economic activities
SOURCE: LAP-EC-006—Are You Satisfied? (Economics and Economic Activities)
18. C
A working business model is already available. Franchising occurs when a business owner purchases
another organization's business strategy, brand, and product. This model is beneficial because the
franchisor is generally already successful and has a working business model in place. A franchisee does
not have to start from scratch. Franchisors do not have to pay annual royalties; rather, the franchisee has
to pay royalties, and this is not necessarily a benefit. Franchises do not necessarily make large profits
through added value, and they also do not necessarily have substantial purchasing power.
SOURCE: EC:138 Describe types of business models
SOURCE: Franchise Direct. (1998-2021). The benefits of franchising: What are the advantages to being
a franchisee? Retrieved August 12, 2021, from https://www.franchisedirect.com/ultimateguide-to-franchising/benefits-of-franchising/
19. C
Organizational learning. Organizational learning is a strategy that seeks to strengthen an organization by
bringing employees together as well as by empowering them as individuals. It includes concepts such as
systems thinking, team learning, shared organizational vision, mental modeling, and personal mastery.
Marketing orientation is a strong focus on meeting customer needs and wants. Slack resources are
resources that go above and beyond what is needed to operate an organization. Competitive aggression
is a drive to win scarce customer dollars in the marketplace.
SOURCE: EC:107 Explain how organizations adapt to today's markets
SOURCE: LAP-EC-107—Keep the Change (Adapting to Markets)
20. A
People are interdependent. People in all economic systems are interdependent. In other words, they
must depend on each other to obtain the things they need. The economic system provides a way for this
to happen. For example, people work to produce goods and services for others but also earn incomes
that they use to buy goods and services that they cannot make for themselves. Many resources are
limited rather than unlimited. Some governments are unstable, but many are stable. The cost of products
ranges from inexpensive to expensive. These factors are not the reasons that economic systems are
needed.
SOURCE: EC:007 Explain the types of economic systems
SOURCE: LAP-EC-017—Who's the Boss? (Economic Systems)

Test 1246

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

15

21. A
Unemployment rates decline. When unemployment rates decline, there are more people working and
earning an income. When people have available income, their spending tends to increase. When
business production slows, businesses produce fewer goods and services. A decline in production often
leads to facility closings and employee layoffs. When people are unemployed, they are not earning an
income, so consumer spending tends to decrease. When business activities decline over several months,
it typically indicates the beginning of an economic recession. During economic recessions, people tend to
cut back and save their money rather than spend it. When interest rates increase rapidly, it becomes
more expensive to obtain loans to buy expensive items such as cars and homes, which can reduce
consumer spending.
SOURCE: EC:081 Discuss the measure of consumer spending as an economic indicator
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [p.
138]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
22. D
Cara is a small-business owner. A small-business owner is an individual who owns a business venture to
generate income without intentions of growing or expanding the business. Because Cara purchased the
coffee shop from someone else, and she has no desire to expand the business, she is a small-business
owner. An entrepreneur is an individual who invents, develops, and distributes a good or provides a
service, and assumes the risks and rewards of starting and building the business. A franchisor is a parent
company and owner of the name and/or system that is being distributed through a licensing arrangement.
Wholesalers are intermediaries who help move goods between producers and retailers by buying goods
from producers and selling them to retailers.
SOURCE: EC:065 Identify the impact of small business/entrepreneurship on market economies
SOURCE: Seth, S. (2021, July 20). Entrepreneurs and entrepreneurship defined. Retrieved August 12,
2021, from https://www.investopedia.com/articles/investing/092514/entrepreneur-vs-smallbusiness-owner-defined.asp
23. D
More satisfied. Making a decision when facing an ethical dilemma—even if it’s tough—will make you
happier, more satisfied, and less conflicted. Even if your ultimate decision when facing an ethical
dilemma is to do nothing, it’s still important to make the decision instead of allowing the ethical dilemma
to control your life. Making a decision is not likely to make you feel unhappy, anxious, or less content.
SOURCE: EI:125 Recognize and respond to ethical dilemmas
SOURCE: LAP-EI-125—Make the Right Choice (Recognizing and Responding to Ethical Dilemmas)
24. A
Estimate the time that it takes them to perform their tasks. When businesspeople estimate the time that it
takes to perform their tasks, it helps them plan, prioritize, and manage their workloads effectively.
Planning their work helps businesspeople avoid scheduling activities too close together, which can affect
the quality of their work. For example, if it takes a businessperson one hour to prepare a status report
that is due at 4:00 p.m., they should not start the report at 3:30 p.m. Because coworkers have their own
work commitments, they should only help in emergencies with management's approval. Pleasant tasks
are not always priorities for businesspeople. Taking shortcuts and performing work too quickly often
result in errors and low-quality work.
SOURCE: EI:077 Manage commitments in a timely manner
SOURCE: Corporate Finance Institute. (2015-2021). A brief guide to time management. Retrieved
August 12, 2021, from https://corporatefinanceinstitute.com/resources/careers/softskills/time-management-list-tips/
25. A
Positive people are pleasant and smiling. When Sandy looks people in the eye and says hello to them,
she is displaying the positive characteristic of being pleasant and smiling. Positive people are also
responsible, flexible, and uncomplaining, but Sandy’s behavior does not illustrate these qualities.
SOURCE: EI:019 Exhibit a positive attitude
SOURCE: LAP-EI-003—Opt for Optimism (Positive Attitude)

Test 1246

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

16

26. B
Understanding. Being an understanding person is necessary for empathy. You don't need to share the
same experiences that someone else has had, but you do need to understand where they are "coming
from." Honesty is truthfulness. Open-mindedness is keeping your mind open to new thoughts, ideas, and
approaches.
SOURCE: EI:030 Show empathy for others
SOURCE: LAP-EI-030—Have a Heart (Showing Empathy for Others)
27. C
Ask each staff member to bring two suggestions for service improvements to the meeting. Asking the
staff to prepare suggestions ahead of time gives reserved staff members time to think about their
responses and gives outspoken staff members time to develop more thoughtful suggestions. Asking
probing questions about the current quality of service may come across as a form of evaluation rather
than an opportunity to share new ideas. If the owner shares his expectations and goals, staff members
would be less inclined to share their own ideas. An open discussion might be avoided by reserved staff
members or dominated by outspoken staff members.
SOURCE: EI:104 Leverage personality types in business situations
SOURCE: KnowledgeCity. (2018, December 4). Know your team: Leveraging employee personality
types. Retrieved August 12, 2021, from https://www.knowledgecity.com/blog/leveragingpersonality-types/
28. B
Emphasize his communication skills on his résumé. Employers from many different fields consider good
communication skills to be a highly desirable trait for employees. Emphasizing his communication skills
on his résumé would likely increase Michael's chances of receiving an interview. Michael should not send
the hiring manager a weekly letter of interest—doing so would be excessive and would likely reduce his
chances of getting an interview. There is also no need for him to provide the employer with his most
recent credit report. Unless he knows one of them personally, it would be inappropriate to ask current
employees to vouch for his abilities.
SOURCE: EI:007 Explain the nature of effective communications
SOURCE: LAP-EI-140—More Than Just Talk (Effective Communication)
29. B
Cross-functional. A cross-functional team is a team that includes team members from different areas of
specialization who work together to complete a task. Zachary's team includes many different
departments, so it is a cross-functional team. There is no indication that Zachary's team is a standing
committee, a self-directed team, or a quality circle.
SOURCE: EI:045 Participate as a team member
SOURCE: LAP-EI-045—Team Up (Participating as a Team Member)
30. C
Appropriate use of resources. Using your employer's resources appropriately is an example of an ethical
dilemma that could take place in the workplace. Academic dishonesty is an ethical issue, but it does not
typically take place in the workplace. Using vacation time and befriending coworkers are not necessarily
ethical workplace dilemmas.
SOURCE: EI:131 Explain the nature of ethical leadership
SOURCE: LAP-EI-131—Be the Change (Nature of Ethical Leadership)
31. C
The status quo. When something is the current or existing way of completing a task, it is usually referred
to as the status quo. Status quo bias is a preference to maintain the status quo and the view that a
change from it is a loss. Herd mentality refers to a mob mentality that causes people to be influenced by
others or to adopt certain behaviors. Just because something is the current or existing way of completing
a task does not necessarily mean it is effective.
SOURCE: EI:134 Challenge the status quo
SOURCE: LAP-EI-134—Unfollow the Crowd (Challenging the Status Quo)

Test 1246

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

17

32. C
Copyright infringement. Copyright, patent, and trademark infringement are violations of the rights of a
person who owns a copyright, patent, or trademark. To put it simply, committing this type of infringement
means stealing someone else's idea or work and passing it off as your own—and it's not just unethical,
it's illegal. Stealing an idea and claiming it as your own is not generally called business negligence,
ethical accountability, or trademark awareness.
SOURCE: EN:044 Describe the use of business ethics in entrepreneurship
SOURCE: LAP-EN-044—Ethical Excellence (Ethics in Entrepreneurship)
33. C
Consumer protections. Credit cards offer protections such as zero liability and payment stops that you
can use without losing your funds. Interest payments are a disadvantage of credit cards. Credit cards
have a higher risk of debt than debit cards. Finally, convenience is a benefit of both credit cards and debit
cards.
SOURCE: FI:058 Explain forms of financial exchange (cash, credit, debit, electronic funds transfer, etc.)
SOURCE: Sandberg, E. (2019, April 26). Are credit cards safer than debit cards? Retrieved August 12,
2021, from https://www.experian.com/blogs/ask-experian/are-credit-cards-safer-than-debitcards/
34. B
Fixed expenses. Fixed expenses are expenses or costs that do not fluctuate from month to month, such
as rent or fixed-rate mortgage payments, car payments, and student loan payments. Variable expenses,
on the other hand, may fluctuate from month to month—or even from week to week, such as grocery
costs. The same concept applies to fixed income and variable income.
SOURCE: FI:066 Develop personal budget
SOURCE: Pant, P. (2020, May 4). What's the difference between fixed and variable expenses.
Retrieved August 12, 2021, from https://www.thebalance.com/what-s-the-differencebetween-fixed-and-variable-expenses-453774
35. A
Incur fees and penalties. If you are not aware of the deposits and purchases in your checking account,
you might incur fees and penalties for overdrawing your account or having a check bounce. Not keeping
up with your checking account balance will not necessarily lead to having your identity stolen. You will not
prevent fraudulent charges or challenge the bank's authority by not keeping up with the balance of your
checking account.
SOURCE: FI:069 Maintain financial records
SOURCE: Klein, A. (2021, August 12). Tips to keep your checking account balanced. Retrieved August
12, 2021, from https://www.tropicalfcu.com/blog/tips-to-keep-your-checking-accountbalanced
36. A
Transaction fees. Reconciling bank statements involves comparing the entries in a checkbook or other
personal records with the entries listed on the bank statement. It is important to make these comparisons
to determine inconsistencies and mistakes. If a check is not recorded correctly, and if the mistake is not
caught, the individual runs the risk of having insufficient funds in their checking account, which results in
bounced checks. Some financial institutions charge transaction fees for checking accounts, so it is
important to make sure that those fees are subtracted from the checking account balance. Accumulated
interest and payroll deposits are added to the checking account balance rather than subtracted from it.
Check numbers are not subtracted from the checkbook when reconciling bank statements and personal
record balances.
SOURCE: FI:070 Read and reconcile bank statements
SOURCE: Birken, E.G. (2020, July 12). How to balance a checkbook in a paperless world. Retrieved
August 12, 2021, from https://www.forbes.com/advisor/banking/how-to-balance-acheckbook/

Test 1246

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

18

37. C
Under stockholders' equity. Retained earnings are represented under stockholders' equity because they
are monies reinvested back into the business by the stockholder(s). Assets are considered resources
owned by the company, not monies invested or reinvested into the business. Contributed capital refers to
monies invested into the company by the owner or other investors, rather than profits or earnings that are
reinvested into the company. Revenue refers to earnings from the sales of goods or services and is dealt
with on income statements, not balance sheets.
SOURCE: FI:093 Explain the nature of balance sheets
SOURCE: Bienias, C., Gilbertson, C.B., Lehman, M.W., & Gentene, D. (2019). Century 21 accounting:
Multicolumn journal (11th ed.) [Lesson 16-3]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
38. A
Internal control procedures. Businesses often develop procedures to control cash or other assets in order
to prevent loss. These fall under the category of internal controls. These procedures might include
training employees on how to use the cash register and requiring that they ring up each sale on the
register and give receipts to all customers. These procedures help control cash by reducing the
possibility of employees accepting payment from customers without recording the sale, charging the
wrong price, or giving customers too much change. Businesses do not develop credit card restrictions,
two-person teams, or break-even requirements to reduce the possibility of employees accepting payment
from customers without recording the sale.
SOURCE: FI:113 Explain cash control procedures (e.g., signature cards, deposit slips, internal/external
controls, cash clearing, etc.)
SOURCE: Chron Contributor. (2021, April 8). Internal control procedures for the receipt of cash.
Retrieved August 13, 2021, from https://work.chron.com/internal-control-procedures-receiptcash-6735.html
39. B
Pressure employees to conform under questionable circumstances. Groupthink is a psychological
phenomenon that evolves when conformity and the cohesiveness of the group become more important
than the group's objective, purpose, or problem. As a result, group members often feel pressured to
conform and behave in ways that they normally would not. Members learn to not "rock the boat" by
sacrificing their individuality, opinions, and personal ethics so they are not ostracized from the group. In
its extreme form, groupthink practices may result in unethical practices such as covering up financial
mistakes, using company money inappropriately or carelessly, lying to the business's shareholders about
the financial health of the company, embezzling activities, etc.
SOURCE: FI:355 Discuss the role of ethics in finance
SOURCE: Sorscher, S. (2017, December 6). Group-think caused the market to fail. Retrieved August
12, 2021, from https://www.huffingtonpost.com/stan-sorscher/group-think-caused-thema_b_604810.html
40. C
A hold is placed on a portion of the card's available credit line when the guest checks in. An authorization
check is made when the guest arrives to ensure that there are sufficient funds available on the card to
cover all lodging expenses related to the reservation. A credit card is not actually charged until a guest
checks out to ensure that the guest's appropriate room rate is charged as well as any other hotel charges
the guest made during their stay.
SOURCE: FI:789 Discuss considerations in accepting credit-card payments
SOURCE: UniBul's Money Blog. (2021). How to process credit card payments at hotels. Retrieved
August 13, 2021, from http://blog.unibulmerchantservices.com/how-to-process-credit-cardpayments-at-hotels/
41. B
Exit. Exit interviews aim to gauge employee attitudes about a company, gain constructive suggestions for
improvement, and gather further understanding about employee turnover. Onboarding activities are done
shortly after the employee is hired and include employee orientation. Recruiting is the part of staffing that
involves seeking out and attracting qualified potential employees.
SOURCE: HR:410 Discuss the nature of human resources management
SOURCE: LAP-HR-410—People Pusher (Nature of Human Resources Management)

Test 1246

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

19

42. B
To promote diversity. Companies that have firm policies to deal with discriminatory behavior are more
effective at promoting (not reducing) diversity. While policies concerning discriminatory behavior can
indirectly reduce workplace violence, those policies are not likely to eliminate workplace violence
completely. Company management can model positive attitudes and demonstrate the importance of
diversity, but it is not always possible to change or eliminate discriminatory attitudes among employees.
SOURCE: HR:515 Discuss issues associated with workplace diversity (e.g., ethnic, generational,
religious, gender)
SOURCE: Renee, M. (2019, March 6). Top 10 diversity issues at work. Retrieved on August 13, 2021,
from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/top-10-diversity-issues-work-24939.html
43. C
Actions. Positive and negative results can often be directly related to a company’s actions. Every action
contributes to a result or results, good or bad. Although certain results might also occur due to issues
with a business’s taxes, name, or location, its actions are most directly related to results.
SOURCE: MK:019 Demonstrate connections between company actions and results (e.g., influencing
consumer buying behavior, gaining market share, etc.)
SOURCE: LAP-MK-019—Just Do It…Right (Company Actions and Results)
44. B
Segment marketing. When a business focuses on a specific group of people such as brides, it is using
segment marketing. Mass marketing is the marketing of products to a large group of people.
Demographic segmentation divides a market based on general physical and social characteristics (e.g.,
age, gender, religion), not on a specific life event. Loyalty response refers to a consumer's preference for
a particular brand.
SOURCE: MP:003 Explain the concept of market and market identification
SOURCE: LAP-MP-003—Have We Met? (Market Identification)
45. D
A customer's payment history. Companies can be held liable for revealing customers' nonpublic personal
information (NPI) because it invades the customers' privacy and can expose them to financial harm. NPI
is any personally identifiable information that an organization collects in connection with providing a
financial product or service unless that information is publicly available. Examples of NPI include
information about a customer's business with an organization, account numbers, payment history, loan or
deposit balances, and credit or debit purchases. Bankruptcies, published phone numbers, and home
ownership are all examples of published information that is easily accessed through regional,
state/province, national, and court databases and records.
SOURCE: NF:076 Explain legal issues associated with information management
SOURCE: FTC. (n.d.). How to comply with the privacy of consumer financial information rule of the
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. Retrieved August 12, 2021, from https://www.ftc.gov/tipsadvice/business-center/guidance/how-comply-privacy-consumer-financial-information-rulegramm.
46. D
Multiprocessing. The computer's operating system consists of the components needed to run all of the
computer applications and programs. An operating system that allows several central processing units
(computers) to access a single program has multiprocessing capabilities. Multithreading capabilities allow
different components of one computer program to run at the same time. Augmented and hosted are not
types of operating systems.
SOURCE: NF:085 Use basic operating systems
SOURCE: Beal, V. (2021, May 24). Operating system. Retrieved August 12, 2021, from
https://www.webopedia.com/definitions/operating-system/

Test 1246

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

20

47. A
Obtain the same information from a central point of access. Groupware computer applications enable
employees to access the same information from different locations. All of the information is stored and
accessed from one location. The advantage to using groupware applications is that they enable each
employee to have the necessary data to complete their portion of the work process or project in a timely
manner. Depending on the business's needs, groupware applications may include spreadsheet functions
that enable employees to develop mathematical formulas, manipulate financial data, move financial data
to other groupware applications, or create budgets. Groupware applications also may contain wordprocessing capabilities that enable employees to save documents in a variety of versions or formats.
SOURCE: NF:011 Demonstrate collaborative/groupware applications
SOURCE: Uy, M. (2021, June 10). What is groupware? Retrieved August 12, 2021, from
https://www.lifewire.com/what-is-groupware-2377429
48. C
Online booking. Many hospitality and tourism businesses offer websites that enable customers to
conveniently book their reservations online. This gives customers 24-hour access to reservation systems
when it's convenient for them to quickly make a reservation. Customer reservation systems are used by
travel agents. Customer relationship management software is databases of customer information.
Websites by themselves would not expedite the reservation process for customers.
SOURCE: NF:106 Use software to automate services
SOURCE: Baker, S. (2021). What is online booking software? A comprehensive guide to benefits,
features, pricing and more. Retrieved August 13, 2021, from
https://financesonline.com/online-booking-software-comprehensive-guide-benefits-featurespricing/
49. D
The average customer is married, owns a home, and earns $50,000 a year. The purpose of analyzing a
customer database is to identify specific characteristics that the business can use to market its goods
and services to customers. Businesses are better able to target their market if they know what type of
customer makes up the market. For example, a business probably would use different techniques to sell
to customers who are married, own their own homes, and earn $50,000 a year than to customers who
are single, rent, and earn $25,000 a year, because these types of customers have different wants and
needs. Federal identification numbers are provided to businesses and do not provide useful marketing
information. A customer database will not provide information about total sales for each month or the
expense involved in developing the database.
SOURCE: NF:185 Use database for information analysis
SOURCE: ScienceSoft. (2021). Customer data analytics: Core functionality, integrations, and required
tools. Retrieved August 13, 2021, from https://www.scnsoft.com/analytics/customer
50. D
Measuring the success of marketing campaigns. Web analytics allow you to collect data about visitors to
your website. One of the benefits of doing so is being able to measure the success of digital marketing
campaigns. You can track which campaigns lead to more page views and clicks, which allows you to
make smarter marketing decisions in the future. While tracking analytics can help you reduce page
bounces, it does not prevent them altogether. Tracking analytics is not necessarily related to discovering
new sales tactics. Finally, tracking analytics does not necessarily save money on web hosting costs.
SOURCE: NF:205 Use analytical tracking tools
SOURCE: The Koozai Group. (2014, March 4). The business benefits of Google Analytics. Retrieved
August 13, 2021, from https://www.koozai.com/blog/analytics/google-analytics-businessbenefits

Test 1246

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

21

51. C
Association learning. Discovering that customers who engage in one activity also engage in a similar one
is an example of association learning. An anomaly identifies unusual behavior, not similar or associated
behavior. Cluster detection analyzes data and defines distinct clusters or subcategories within a
category. Big data collection is not a data mining tool.
SOURCE: NF:149 Describe data mining tools and techniques
SOURCE: DeepAI. (n.d.). What is association learning? Retrieved August 12, 2021, from
https://deepai.org/machine-learning-glossary-and-terms/association-learning
52. A
A trend. The business owner's offering of matcha green tea drinks is a response to a consumer trend.
There's no indication that the café owner is responding to competition, the business cycle, or a
government regulation.
SOURCE: NF:013 Describe current business trends
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [pp.
198-199]. Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
53. A
Customer-focused. One important factor associated with positive customer experiences is being
customer-focused. Esteban is demonstrating this factor by greeting the guests by name, making eye
contact, and smiling to show he cares about treating the customers well. Esteban is not necessarily
demonstrating distant, inconsistent, or accurate service in this example.
SOURCE: CR:052 Identify factors associated with positive customer experiences
SOURCE: Reynolds, J.S., & Chase, D.M. (2014). Hospitality services (3rd ed.) [pp. 24-28]. Tinley Park,
IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Company.
54. A
Reviewing customer records. Customer records contain a large amount of information that can be useful
to a hospitality and tourism business. If a manager of an event center wants to know which of the
ballrooms is preferred, they can review customer records to see if one of the ballrooms is requested or
booked more than others. Competitive analysis will not necessarily help the manager in this situation,
because they are not interested in competitors. A focus group would not necessarily be broad enough to
provide the information that the manager needs. Finally, tracking customer expenses will not necessarily
provide the information that the manager needs.
SOURCE: NF:283 Describe methods used to collect hospitality and tourism business information (e.g.,
observations, mail, telephone, Internet, discussion groups, interviews)
SOURCE: Destination BC. (2015, March). Research guide for tourism operators. Retrieved August 13,
2021, from https://www.destinationbc.ca/getattachment/Research/Resources-forResearchers/How-To-Guides/TBE-Guide-Research-Guide-For-Tourism-Operators-Mar2015.pdf.aspx
55. D
By searching its own customer database. A company's own customer database should contain the
names, addresses, and previous sales histories of previous customers that can be used to create a
mailing list for specific products. Competitors and outside researchers would not have access to the
names and addresses of previous customers. Reviewing marketing research plans would not provide the
names or addresses of previous customers.
SOURCE: NF:284 Obtain business information from customer databases
SOURCE: Davie-Martin, M. (2021, May 6). Why building a customer database is good for business.
Retrieved August 13, 2021, from https://www.xero.com/blog/2020/07/customer-databasegood-for-business/

Test 1246

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

22

56. B
Objective. Statistics are objective, which means that they are factual and not influenced by bias,
prejudice, or outside opinion. When using statistics, decision-making is less likely to be biased by
individual employees. While statistics can be affordable, accurate, and persuasive, those are not related
to employees' biases.
SOURCE: NF:236 Explain the use of descriptive statistics in business decision making
SOURCE: Williams, J.T. (2019, February 12). The importance of statistics in management decision
making. Retrieved August 13, 2021, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/importancestatistics-management-decision-making-4589.html
57. C
Increased emphasis on training. The hospitality and tourism industry has recognized that competing on
the basis of price is not the answer for profitability. Instead, management has shifted its focus to ways
that employees can provide exemplary service, thus setting a business apart from its competitors. To
accomplish this, management has increased its focus on employee training. Attention to the other
alternatives should help businesses gain a competitive advantage; however, they do not relate to
exceeding customer expectations.
SOURCE: NF:048 Describe current issues and trends in the hospitality and tourism industry
SOURCE: Kelley, C. (2021). Service excellence from the inside out. Retrieved August 13, 2021, from
https://cayugahospitality.com/chuck-kelley/service-excellence-from-the-inside-out/
58. D
More data need to be captured and managed. A hotel that offers personalized services usually generates
a lot of data that need to be captured and entered into the hotel's customer management system. Hotels
must maintain the security of their customers' personal information whether they provide personalized
services or not. Every hotel must monitor its online reputation, but providing personalized services
doesn't often require a hotel to spend more time doing so. Data can be captured and managed without a
cloud-based management system.
SOURCE: NF:060 Explain ways that technology impacts the hospitality and tourism industry
SOURCE: Arlotta, C.J. (2019, August 7). In all areas, personalization is changing the hotel experience.
Retrieved August 13, 2021, from https://www.hotelbusiness.com/in-all-areas-personalizationis-changing-the-hotel-experience/
59. C
Sharing a vendor's competitive bid information with another supplier. It is unfair for a business to share a
vendor's bid information with another supplier because it provides one supplier with an advantage over
the other. Using negotiating techniques to obtain concessions, developing scorecards to evaluate
suppliers' performance levels, and setting deadlines for bids are ethical activities.
SOURCE: OP:190 Discuss the role of ethics in operations
SOURCE: LAP-OP-190—Above Board (Ethics in Operations)
60. D
Sarah hires a shipping service to get products to a retailer. Distribution is a business function that is
responsible for moving, storing, locating, and/or transferring ownership of goods and services. Because
Sarah is moving products to a retailer, she is participating in distribution. Monitoring quality, managing
salespeople, and developing new product ideas are not activities that fall under distribution.
SOURCE: OP:522 Explain the nature and scope of distribution
SOURCE: Hayes, A. (2020, November 13). Distribution management. Retrieved August 13, 2021, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/d/distribution-management.asp

Test 1246

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

23

61. B
Get a citation and possibly pay a fine. When a business doesn't comply with health and safety
regulations, it will most likely be cited and charged with a fine. Noncompliance with health and safety
regulations does not help a business gain a better reputation or have happier employees. Although it's
possible that a large violation could cost a business a significant amount of money, most violations do not
cause a company to go bankrupt.
SOURCE: OP:005 Report noncompliance with business health and safety regulations
SOURCE: United States Department of Labor. (n.d.). OSH Act of 1970: Penalties. Retrieved on August
12, 2021, from https://www.osha.gov/laws-regs/oshact/section_17
62. A
Information security breach. Possible negative consequences of an information security breach include a
ruined company reputation, lost revenue, and data leaks. These are not likely consequences of an
employee promotion or a countrywide product recall. A sexual assault scandal may cause harm to a
company's reputation, but it probably wouldn't result in significant loss of revenue or data leaks.
SOURCE: OP:064 Maintain data security
SOURCE: Advanced Micro-Electronics, Inc. (2021). Data security breach: 5 consequences for your
business. Retrieved August 16, 2021, from https://www.theamegroup.com/security-breach/
63. D
The business setting. When businesses are planning for evacuation during potential emergencies, they
need to take the type of building into account and whether the business works with hazardous materials
or processes. Some buildings are more vulnerable to the effects of natural disasters than others, and
some workplaces require more complex plans if they contain hazardous materials or if employees
perform dangerous tasks. The organizational design, the business's financial standing, and the
business's goals should not have any effect on the emergency evacuation procedures.
SOURCE: OP:527 Identify factors affecting evacuation procedures/protocols
SOURCE: Occupational Safety and Health Administration. (n.d.). Evacuation plans and procedures
eTool. Retrieved August 13, 2021, from https://www.osha.gov/etools/evacuation-plansprocedures/eap/develop-implemen
64. B
Checklists. Developing a checklist involves writing down all of the possible resources that might be
needed for a project. Categorizing the resources (e.g., supplies, equipment, people) is a good way for
project managers to organize their resource information and review and update their lists as needed.
Schedules and timelines are usually developed after the resources have been identified. Summaries
provide an overview of larger documents or complex content.
SOURCE: OP:003 Identify resources needed for project
SOURCE: LAP-OP-531—Get What You Need (Identifying Project Resources)
65. A
MRO goods. MRO goods are maintenance, repair, and operating supplies such as office supplies,
janitorial supplies, employee uniforms, and work gloves. While none of these supplies will be part of the
company's finished products—automobiles—PVX uses these supplies on a regular basis to ensure that
the manufacturing process runs smoothly. Raw materials are items in their natural state or condition,
such as glass or steel. Work-in-process consists of the car parts and components that are no longer raw
materials but are not completely finished yet. Finished products are completed goods that are ready to be
marketed to consumers.
SOURCE: OP:336 Discuss types of inventory
SOURCE: Murray, M. (2019, November 15). Maintenance, repair, and operating supplies (MRO).
Retrieved August 13, 2021, from https://www.thebalancesmb.com/maintenance-repair-andoperating-supplies-mro-2221265

Test 1246

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

24

66. B
The conversion process. During the conversion process, inputs turn into products. Any activity that takes
resources and turns them into something usable is considered a conversion process. In Filipe's case, this
includes cooking. He starts with resources (raw vegetables and meats) and turns them into something
usable (a fully cooked meal). Dispatching involves issuing orders for production to start. Dispatches are
usually written orders that tell employees what their job assignments are, when to move materials from
storage to the work area, or which tools and equipment to assemble. Mass production means producing
products in large quantities. Mass production typically involves assembly lines, robotics, automation, and
computer-controlled equipment. This is not what Filipe's doing when he prepares one meal at a time.
Resource transformation is not a term commonly used to refer to the conversion process.
SOURCE: OP:017 Explain the concept of production
SOURCE: LAP-OP-017—Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
67. A
Billing error. An invoice is the formal, printed record of a sale that includes all necessary information of a
sales transaction. The information includes the buyer, the seller, items purchased, quantities, prices, the
delivery date, credit, discount terms, etc. Before paying an invoice, the hotel restaurant manager should
compare it with the original purchase order and shipper's packing slip to make sure the information is
accurate. In the situation described, the manager noticed that the restaurant was billed for items that it
did not order or receive. In this situation, the manager should contact the vendor to get a corrected
invoice before paying the bill. The hotel restaurant did not receive a duplicate order. There is not enough
information provided to determine if there were problems with the discount rate or product quality.
SOURCE: OP:184 Track invoices
SOURCE: Pollick, M. (n.d.). What is an invoice? Retrieved August 19, 2021, from
https://www.infombloom.com/what-is-an-invoice.htm
68. A
Supply chain. A supply chain is a complete network of producers, distributors, and retailers that work
together to get a product into the hands of consumers. In this example, the apple journeyed from farmer,
to distributor, to retailer, to consumer. This is an example of a supply chain in action—not deflation,
manufacturing, or marketing. Deflation is a steady decline in the general price levels of consumer goods
and services over a period of time. Manufacturing is the process of changing raw materials so that they
will be useful to consumers. Marketing is an organizational function and a set of processes for creating,
communicating, and delivering value to customers.
SOURCE: OP:443 Explain the concept of supply chain
SOURCE: Kenton, W. (2020 July 7). Supply chain. Retrieved August 12, 2021, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/s/supplychain.asp
69. C
So that the information is readily accessible when it is needed. Companies should make inventories of
their digital information so that it can be easily accessed when it is needed and so that no important data
are lost. It is not necessarily true that employees don't use their computers wisely. Most employees use
their computers appropriately and responsibly. Companies do not make inventories of their information to
prevent IT professionals from stealing company data or to keep tabs on what employees are doing
online.
SOURCE: OP:517 Comply with strategies for protecting business' digital assets (e.g., website, social
media, email, etc.)
SOURCE: Parrish, S. (2014, February 18). Planning steps to protect your digital assets. Retrieved
August 13, 2021, from https://www.forbes.com/sites/steveparrish/2014/02/18/planningstepsto-protect-your-digital-assets/#32a3662def0c

Test 1246

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

25

70. B
Environmental sustainability. Environmental sustainability is the long-term management and preservation
of the world's resources. When large amounts of tourists visit environmentally and culturally unique
locations, they can cause damage to the natural and cultural resources there. Leaders in the hospitality
and tourism industry are therefore concerned with tourism's effect on environmental sustainability. While
customer expectations, skilled labor shortages, and technological changes are issues of importance to
the hospitality and tourism industry, they are not shown in this example.
SOURCE: OP:658 Identify environmental sustainability issues in hospitality and tourism
SOURCE: University of Central Florida. (2021). Sustainability in hospitality: Why it is important and how
industry leaders can help. Retrieved August 13, 2021, from
https://www.ucf.edu/online/hospitality/news/sustainability-in-hospitality-why-it-is-importantand-how-industry-leaders-can-help/
71. C
Electronic key cards. These offer excellent security for hotel guests as they do not contain a hotel room
number so that if one is lost or stolen it cannot be easily traced. Metal detectors are used in airports to
check passengers entering boarding areas. Retailers use radio frequency identification tags, which are
attached to expensive merchandise, to reduce the risk of shoplifting. A property management system is
used to store information about reservations, room availability, and room rates.
SOURCE: OP:115 Explain security considerations in the hospitality and tourism industry
SOURCE: Reynolds, J.S., & Chase, D.M. (2014). Hospitality services (3rd ed.) [p. 242]. Tinley Park, IL:
The Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
72. A
Maintain an organized workspace. Throwing out junk mail and unnecessary documents on a regular
basis is a technique that will reduce clutter and help you maintain an organized workspace. Although
discarding unneeded paper may increase your efficiency, it does not ensure that you will meet your
deadlines, set your priorities appropriately, or enable you to delegate your work to others.
SOURCE: PD:009 Demonstrate systematic behavior
SOURCE: Jarrow, C. (n.d.). 10 tips to keep your desk clean, organized & productive. Retrieved August
12, 2021, from https://timemanagementninja.com/2014/02/10-tips-to-keep-your-desk-cleanorganized-productive
73. C
Brainstorming ideas. Brainstorming is a common way to generate ideas and solve problems. During a
brainstorming session, one or more individuals present ideas (solutions) during a set time frame. The
main goal is to throw out as many ideas as possible within the set time frame but not evaluate them.
Oftentimes, new ideas are generated from ones that have been presented during the brainstorming
session. Detecting the issue or the problem is the first step of the problem-solving process. After
detecting the problem, it is important to check assumptions and collect data relevant to the problem. After
determining possible solutions, individuals select, implement, and evaluate the solution.
SOURCE: PD:077 Demonstrate problem-solving skills
SOURCE: LAP-PD-077—No Problem (Demonstrating Problem-Solving Skills)
74. D
Form labor unions. A labor union is a group of workers who join together to improve the terms and
conditions under which employees work. In the United States, employees have the right to form labor
unions and engage in collective bargaining—the negotiating process in which union leaders and
company representatives engage to determine the terms and working conditions that are to be provided
to employees. Employees also have the right to expect criticism and recognition at work, but this example
does not demonstrate either criticism or recognition. Employees do not have the right to unlimited
vacation days.
SOURCE: PD:021 Explain the rights of workers
SOURCE: Utility Workers Union of America. (2016). What are the benefits of being a union worker?
Retrieved August 12, 2021, from https://uwua.net/what-are-the-benefits-of-being-a-unionworker/

Test 1246

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

26

75. B
Director of convention and visitors bureau. The travel and tourism career area includes job titles like
director of convention and visitors bureau. Director of recreation and parks, concession manager, and
museum conservator are all job titles that fall under recreation, amusements, and attractions.
SOURCE: PD:272 Explain career opportunities in hospitality and tourism
SOURCE: LAP-PD-272—Career Opportunities in Hospitality and Tourism
76. C
Internship. An internship is a form of training in which a school and a business cooperate to provide onthe-job practice for a learner. Many interns—but not all—receive high school or college credit for their
work, and an internship may be paid or unpaid, depending on the circumstances. Ivana is studying
marketing, so interning at an ad agency gave her an opportunity to learn more about working in the
advertising world. A trade mission consists of a group of volunteer businesspeople sponsored by the
government to inform exporters about foreign markets. A needs analysis is typically the process of
identifying and prioritizing training needs. An understudy is a manager or supervisor who has been
specifically designated as the person to succeed their superior and who is learning the job-knowledge
skills from that person.
SOURCE: PD:032 Describe techniques for obtaining work experience (e.g., volunteer activities,
internships)
SOURCE: Doyle, A. (2019, August 20). How to get an internship. Retrieved August 12, 2021, from
https://www.thebalancecareers.com/how-to-find-an-internship-2061073
77. A
Increases efficiency. The chain of command defines the level of authority and the specific individual who
supervises particular employees. Having a chain of command helps provide order and structure for
business. Having order and structure helps the business operate efficiently. The level of collaboration,
teamwork, and creativity depends on the nature of the business and the business's work culture.
SOURCE: PD:252 Follow chain of command
SOURCE: Kelchner, L. (2019, February 4). The importance of following the chain of command in
business. Retrieved August 12, 2021, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/importancefollowing-chain-command-business-23560.html
78. D
Brick-and-mortar travel agencies. Travel agents plan and book vacations for customers, handling
everything from finding the best deals on hotels to arranging for transportation. User-friendly booking
websites such as Expedia have made it easy for consumers to plan and book their own travel, reducing
the need for brick-and-mortar travel agencies. The rise of internet booking sites has not decreased the
popularity of cheap and discount cruise vacations, all-inclusive travel packages, or rental car programs
and services.
SOURCE: PD:105 Describe the development of the hospitality and tourism industry
SOURCE: Peterson, L. (2019, March 19). Impact of technology on the travel agency business.
Retrieved August 13, 2021, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/impact-technology-travelagency-business-57750.html
79. C
Differences in staff members' abilities. Services by nature are highly variable and dependent on who
provides them. Some staff members may be more skilled than others, which can cause guests to
perceive their experiences differently. The perishability of unsold rooms is an internal financial challenge
of a hotel that does not cause variability in its service. Standardized check-in procedures are a technique
that hotels use to reduce variability in service. Customer satisfaction surveys are used to evaluate a
hotel's service and do not cause variability.
SOURCE: PD:111 Describe the nature of the hospitality and tourism industry
SOURCE: Kotler, P., Bowen, J.T., Makens, J.C., & Baloglu, S. (2017). Marketing for hospitality and
tourism (7th ed.) [pp. 34-39]. Boston, MA: Pearson, Education, Inc.

Test 1246

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

27

80. B
Quality. Customers often associate price with quality. For example, customers assume that if the price of
a hotel room is high, the quality is high. Full-service hotels that provide upscale services and amenities
usually charge high rates for their rooms because guests expect to pay high prices for the quality
services. High prices are realistic to guests who stay in full-service hotels. If the hotels lowered their
prices, guests might not stay there, because the rates are lower than expected, and they might assume
that the quality is also low. Guests of full-service hotels do not associate high prices with value or
economy. Supply is the quantity of a good or service that sellers are able and willing to offer for sale at a
specified price in a given time period.
SOURCE: PI:001 Explain the nature and scope of the pricing function
SOURCE: LAP-PI-001—The Price Is Right (Nature of Pricing)
81. A
Market opportunities. Product/Service management is a marketing function that involves obtaining,
developing, maintaining, and improving a product or service mix in response to market opportunities. This
includes considering what CEOs want and what competitors are doing, as well as following government
rules and regulations, but these are not the sole factors involved in product/service management—it
considers the market as a whole.
SOURCE: PM:001 Explain the nature and scope of the product/service management function
SOURCE: LAP-PM-017—Serving Up Products (Nature of Product/Service Management)
82. C
Expansion. A business may expand its product mix by adding additional product items or lines. There are
a number of reasons why a business may choose an expansion product-mix strategy, including satisfying
customers' desire for variety, offering customers complementary products, spreading risk over a wider
area, appealing to a new market, increasing sales and profits, enhancing the company's reputation, and
making more efficient use of the company facilities. Contraction means removing product items or lines
from the product mix. When a company decides to add a higher-priced product or line to its mix, it is
using a trading-up strategy. When a company decides to add a lower-priced product or line to its mix, it is
using a trading-down strategy.
SOURCE: PM:003 Explain the concept of product mix
SOURCE: LAP-PM-003—Mix and Match (The Nature of the Product Mix)
83. D
Product bundling. Product bundling involves combining several goods and services and offering them to
customers as one product. Usually, the bundled products are offered for one all-inclusive price. Offering a
package that includes accommodations, meals, and a sightseeing trip is an example of product bundling.
In the hospitality industry, it is common for hotels to develop weekend packages to encourage guests to
stay at the properties during times when the hotels are not filled. Offering a weekend package is not an
example of price positioning, individual selling, or target advertising, although hotels might target the
package to a specific audience.
SOURCE: PM:041 Describe the nature of product bundling
SOURCE: Leonard, K. (2018, October 23). Product bundling strategy. Retrieved August 13, 2021, from
https://smallbusiness.chron.com/product-bundling-strategy-41789.html
84. A
Location on the water. Few hotels will be able to duplicate the hotel's location; therefore, that should be
its competitive advantage and should be used to attract the 35- to 55-year-old market that has money to
spend. Since food will be included in the price guests pay, ease of access to fast-food restaurants will not
be an advantage. The hotel's moderate pricing does not separate it from competition. The target market
will be appealed to—not the competitive advantage.
SOURCE: PM:246 Identify product's/service's competitive advantage
SOURCE: Twin, A. (2021, March 8). Competitive advantage. Retrieved August 13, 2021, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/competitive_advantage.asp

Test 1246

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

28

85. A
Entertainment value. One reason that many people take cruises is because of the entertainment value.
Cruise ships often provide entertainment in the form of movies, dancing, and celebrity acts such as
stand-up comedy, musical concerts, and theater shows. Some cruise lines offer action-adventure
experiences, team-oriented activities, and educational opportunities, but these are not the types of
activities that Smooth-Sailing Cruise Lines offers.
SOURCE: PM:095 Describe services offered by the hospitality and tourism industry
SOURCE: Silverstein, E. (n.d.). Top 10 reasons to cruise. Retrieved August 13, 2021, from
https://www.cruisecritic.com/articles.cfm?ID=1106
86. C
Related to the original product. A product extension is an additional product, related to but different than
the main hospitality and tourism product. For example, the main product might be a cruise, while the
product extension is a tour of the port city before departure. The product extension adds value to the
original product and often meets the needs of customers. Product extensions are extras rather than
necessary parts of the hospitality and tourism experience. Extensions are not necessarily expensive,
such as a sightseeing tour of a city. Staff often suggest product extensions to meet customers' needs, not
simply to generate income.
SOURCE: PM:099 Explain the nature of product extensions in the hospitality and tourism industry
SOURCE: Hirsh, L. (n.d.). What is product extension in marketing? Retrieved August 13, 2021, from
https://smallbusiness.chron.com/product-extension-marketing-65988.html
87. C
Promotion. Promotion is the communication of information about goods, services, images, and/or ideas.
The type and amount of promotion should be adjusted as demand for a product changes with the
seasons, with time, or with economic conditions. For example, businesses may increase promotions for
certain products during the slow season. Assortment is the combination of goods that a business offers
for sale. Management is the process of coordinating resources to accomplish an organization's goals.
Expansion is growth.
SOURCE: PR:001 Explain the role of promotion as a marketing function
SOURCE: LAP-PR-002—Razzle Dazzle (Nature of Promotion)
88. D
Patronage. Patronage promotions are designed to promote a firm's prestige or its features. Presenting
information about the firm's features that will benefit the customer is another way to sell the firm for
nonproduct reasons. For example, patronage promotions for a pizza place might tell customers about its
organic toppings and extended delivery range. Public relations promotions are a type of institutional
promotion created to deal with controversial public issues that are related to a company or its products.
Public service promotions inform customers about noncontroversial issues that are in the public's best
interest. Primary is a type of product promotion.
SOURCE: PR:002 Explain the types of promotion (i.e., institutional, product)
SOURCE: LAP-PR-004—Know Your Options (Product and Institutional Promotion)
89. A
Customer satisfaction levels. Quality management is the coordination of resources to ensure the degree
of excellence of a process, good, or service. One aspect of quality management involves customer
satisfaction levels with the business's products. To gauge customer satisfaction levels in relation to
product quality, the business monitors sales and obtains and evaluates customer feedback. If customers
are satisfied with product quality, customer feedback is likely to be positive, and sales will be steady or
will increase. If product quality is declining, customer feedback will likely be negative, complaints and
returns may increase, and sales may decrease. Factors that may affect customer satisfaction levels
include the product's durability, the product's performance, and customer service. The efficiency of the
production process and the employees' performance levels do not always affect product quality.
SOURCE: QM:001 Explain the nature of quality management
SOURCE: Money Instructor. (2002-2020). How to measure business quality. Retrieved August 13,
2021, from https://www.moneyinstructor.com/art/businessquality.asp

Test 1246

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

29

90. A
Strategic. Businesses typically use strategic controls to help company executives and managers
understand the impact that external forces and risks can have on business and strategic, long-range
plans. Management controls focus much more on internal risk and control. Management-control activities
present throughout the organization help the business to identify, assess, and react to business risks
successfully. Process controls should be present in every business function. Each process control is
specific to a certain business activity and works to preserve the integrity and reliability of data, products,
and processes. Variable controls are not commonly associated with risk management.
SOURCE: RM:058 Discuss the nature of risk control (i.e., internal and external)
SOURCE: CLIR. (n.d.). Appendix I: The business risk model. Retrieved August 13, 2021, from
https://www.clir.org/pubs/reports/pub90/appendix1.html
91. A
Company leads. When Marcella participates in an industry trade show, she's obtaining company leads.
Company leads can come from information provided by a company, its advertising, participation in trade
shows, telemarketing, social media campaigns, and direct-mail marketing. External sources are people
and organizations outside the business used for locating potential customers. Personal sources are
contacts that each individual has through their customers, friends, or relatives. Referrals are individuals
or businesses to whom salespeople are recommended by loyal customers.
SOURCE: SE:828 Explain key factors in building a clientele
SOURCE: LAP-SE-828—Keep Them Loyal (Key Factors in Building Clientele)
92. D
Characteristics. A business's promotional materials often contain information about a product's
characteristics or features that salespeople can use to sell the product. By reading a business's
brochures, pamphlets, and print advertisements, salespeople can obtain information about a product's
characteristics that will be useful in convincing customers that a product has the features that will provide
the benefits for which they are looking. Aptitudes are natural talents for learning specific skills.
Demographics are information used to describe a population. Objectives are goals to be reached.
SOURCE: SE:062 Acquire product information for use in selling
SOURCE: LAP-SE-062—Get Informed (Acquiring Product Information for Use in Selling)
93. A
Acknowledge their individuality. Acknowledging that the customer is an individual means seeing them as
a person, not just a paycheck. This includes sizing them up by looking for clues to the customer's
personality so that the approach can be the most appropriate for that customer. This step helps the
salesperson put the customer at ease and gain their confidence. Probing is questioning customers to find
out what they think, feel, or know. Suggestion selling attempts to increase the customer's purchase by
suggesting additional items after the original decision to buy has been made. Reaching closure is the
step in the selling process in which the salesperson addresses customer objections and asks the
customer to buy.
SOURCE: SE:048 Explain the selling process
SOURCE: MBO Partners. (2021, July 27). 7 ways to build and maintain strong client relationships.
Retrieved August 13, 2021, from https://www.mbopartners.com/blog/how-manage-smallbusiness/6-tips-for-building-and-maintaining-client-relationships/
94. A
Upselling. Upselling is a sales technique in which a higher-priced product than the one originally
requested by the customer is suggested. Roxanne suggested that Mrs. Whitaker pay a bit more for a
higher-priced room that has a few additional amenities, which might make her stay more pleasurable.
Product bundling involves combining several products and selling them for one all-inclusive price, which
is usually lower than the combined price of the products sold separately. Prospecting involves identifying
any person or organization with the potential to buy a product and compiling that information in an
organized manner for future use. In-depth questioning or probing involves asking questions to find out
what customers think, feel, or know.
SOURCE: SE:476 Up-sell to enhance customer experience
SOURCE: Miley, M. (n.d.). What is up-selling & cross-selling? Retrieved August 13, 2021, from
https://smallbusiness.chron.com/upselling-cross-selling-23812.html

Test 1246

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

30

95. C
Physiological. When people travel for the purpose of relaxation, they are satisfying their physiological
needs. These are basic needs that people have, such as the need for food, water, and sleep. With selfactualization needs, people would travel to develop their full potential. Self-esteem needs are met when
people travel for self-respect and the respect of other people. Safety and security needs are being met
when people travel for personal security or for a source of income.
SOURCE: SE:220 Explain factors that motivate people to choose a hospitality and tourism site
SOURCE: Gupta, A. (2015, March 3). Maslow's hierarchy of travel needs. Retrieved August 13, 2021,
from https://medium.com/@aashishgupta/maslow-s-hierarchy-of-travel-needs-656bc64b3aa5
96. A
Education. Because Julia enjoys learning, her travel decisions are motivated by her desire for education.
There is not enough information provided to determine if educational activities relax Julia, or if Julia
enjoys activities that involve health, fitness, or live entertainment.
SOURCE: SE:221 Recommend hospitality and tourism services
SOURCE: Regents of the University of California. (2021). Why people vacation. Retrieved August 13,
2021, from http://sfp.ucdavis.edu/agritourism/factsheets/why/
97. D
Arrival and departure dates. To process a hotel reservation by phone, the reservationist must know the
guest's arrival and departure dates to determine if and what types of sleeping accommodations are
available for the guest's anticipated stay. The reservationist does not need to know the guest's dietary
requirements, seating preferences, or transportation arrangements.
SOURCE: SE:477 Process telephone orders in hospitality and tourism
SOURCE: Hospitality School. (n.d.). How to take reservation on phone. Retrieved August 13, 2021,
from https://www.hospitality-school.com/hotel-telephone-reservation
98. A
Should the company be restructured? It’s important for managers to periodically evaluate the results of
the organizing process. One question a manager might ask to evaluate organizing efforts might be
whether or not the company should be restructured. Decreasing sales, quarterly goals, and new hires are
not related to organizing.
SOURCE: SM:064 Explain managerial considerations in organizing
SOURCE: LAP-SM-064—Put It All Together (Managerial Considerations in Organizing)
99. C
Her need for stability. People are motivated by different types of needs. In this situation, Rita is motivated
by her need for stability. When she is given stability, she is motivated to achieve at a high level. There is
no indication that Rita is motivated by fear of failure, her need to please others, or monetary reward.
SOURCE: SM:066 Discuss managerial considerations in directing
SOURCE: LAP-SM-066—Take Action (Managerial Considerations in Directing)
100. A
Identify its risks. Risk is the possibility of loss (failure) or gain (success). Risk management involves
planning, controlling, preventing, and limiting business losses, as well as enhancing possibilities for gain.
The first step in risk management is identifying risks, which are broadly categorized as hazard, financial,
operational, and strategic risks. After identifying risks, the business can determine the probability of each
risk occurring and the potential losses associated with the risk. Then, the business can determine how to
respond to the risk. Depending on the type of risk, the business may decide to avoid, accept, mitigate, or
transfer the risk. Transferring risk typically involves purchasing insurance.
SOURCE: SM:075 Explain the nature of risk management
SOURCE: LAP-SM-075—Prepare for the Worst; Expect the Best (Nature of Risk Management)

