1. Which of the following is something a hotel is obligated to offer its guests:
A. Swimming pool
B. Fresh linens
C. Free breakfast
D. Complementary toothbrushes

2. Which of the following best describes common law:
A. Common law is created by nongovernment individuals for use by the courts.
B. Common law applies to ordinary people and not to government officials.
C. Common law is applicable only on a local level, not state or federal.
D. Common law is created by court decisions rather than through written legislation.

3. Which of the following statements about effective business writing is true:
A. It is direct, clear, and simple.
B. It uses complex terms and language.
C. It doesn't keep the audience in mind.
D. It is designed to be read slowly.

4. A group discussion is often successful when the participants are
A. willing to listen to others.
B. ready to start a conflict.
C. unprepared for the topic.
D. unwilling to change opinions.

5. Policies and procedures are important for a variety of reasons. Which of the following statements about policies and procedures is true:
A. Policies are guidelines that explain how employees are to act.
B. Procedures are broader and more general than policies.
C. Procedures are often less detailed than policies.
D. Policies are step-by-step processes for a specific task.

6. Which of the following refers to the values and ideals that an organization encourages among its employees:
A. Customer relationship management
B. Business process management
C. Corporate culture
D. Continuous improvement

7. How can companies use social media to enhance a customer's post-sale experience?
A. To pressure customers into buying more
B. To hide any issues with a product or service
C. To answer questions and solve problems
D. To discourage negative feedback

8. A hotel is having reservation management problems. What customer service challenge is the hotel facing?
A. Operational issues
B. Change in marketing trends
C. Change in guest expectations
D. Retaining staff members

9. Which of the following statements about guest recovery is true:
A. Companies should not keep records of their customer feedback.
B. It is important to wait a day to respond to a customer.
C. Communication is vital to the recovery process.
D. Companies should avoid implementing a customer response process.

10. When a customer service representative is trying to solve a customer's complaint, it is important for them to
A. display a positive attitude.
B. avoid apologizing.
C. ask as few questions as possible.
D. prevent customers from venting frustrations.

11. When it comes to customer service in the hospitality and tourism industry, which of the following statements is true:
A. Customers often avoid sharing bad experiences with others.
B. Customers are not needed for the industry to thrive.
C. Customers typically share good experiences with others.
D. Customers don't choose businesses based on customer service.

12. Which of the following strategies should a company employ when trying to implement strong customer service practices:
A. Creating a complicated process for customer service
B. Avoiding the use of technology to analyze customers
C. Hiring as many people as possible
D. Providing 24/7 year-round customer service

13. A customer will likely have a positive experience if the customer service representative
A. asked very few questions.
B. did not show empathy.
C. responded in a timely fashion.
D. displayed a carefree attitude.

14. How can a company anticipate its customers' needs?
A. Prioritize business success over customers
B. Avoid asking for feedback
C. Stay away from current trends
D. Be proactive and push innovation

15. Which of the following is considered a special need that a hotel must accommodate:
A. A wheelchair accessible room
B. A late-night dinner menu
C. An extra set of towels
D. An early check-in time

16. Typically, as price increases, supply goes __________ and demand goes __________.
A. down; down
B. up; down
C. up; up
D. down; up

17. Last month, a potato chip company sold $50,000 worth of its product. During that time, the company’s cost-of-goods expense was $8,000, while its operating costs added up to $10,000. Based off this information, what was the company's gross profit?
A. $48,000
B. $42,000
C. $32,000
D. $40,000

18. A pressure strategy that management could use to try to force unions to make concessions is
A. corporate campaigns.
B. lockouts.
C. arbitration.
D. picketing.

19. Which of the following phases of a business cycle can be described as “hitting rock bottom”:
A. Expansion
B. Contraction
C. Trough
D. Peak

20. Which of the following is a way in which tourism can positively contribute to the economic development of a small town that is a tourist destination:
A. Limited business opportunities
B. Fewer hotels and restaurants
C. More unemployment
D. Better access to roads

21. With the deadline approaching, Natasha shows up to work 30 minutes early and stays an hour later than her colleagues to stay on track with her project. What characteristic of an effective change leader does Natasha exemplify?
A. She is willing to go above and beyond.
B. She knows how to relate positively with others.
C. She is independent and persuasive.
D. She loves to learn new things.

22. Which of the following statements is an example of an achievement-oriented person displaying the improvement standard of excellence:
A. An engineer trying a brand-new method.
B. A salesperson outselling their colleagues.
C. An athletic coach focusing on the end goal.
D. A sprinter training to run a faster time.

23. According to Maslow’s Hierarchy of Needs, which of the following is a low-level need:
A. Personal fulfillment
B. Prestige
C. Friendships
D. Respect from others

24. Which of the following scenarios uses an accommodating negotiating style:
A. Destiny visits multiple cell phone providers, then signs a contract without informing the other companies.
B. Hakeem embraces a strong, “no compromise” attitude while negotiating for a new couch.
C. Kenji makes several concessions during a conversation with his landlord, settling for a short-term loss now.
D. Adah works together with her manager to build a project schedule they’re both happy with.

25. Timothee is a dancer and spends every single day practicing and performing for hours on end. As a result, he reaches a point where he no longer wants to dance. Timothee is experiencing
A. burnout.
B. ethnocentrism.
C. scheduling.
D. perfectionism.

26. Kim’s manager is threatening to make all employees work on Saturday and Sunday if they don’t meet their weekly sales goals. Kim’s manager is demonstrating __________ power.
A. reward
B. legitimate
C. coercive
D. charismatic

27. According to the time value of money concept, money in the present is __________ the same amount of money received in the future.
A. worth less than
B. worth more than
C. equal to
D. worth double

28. Which of the following is a long-term financial goal:
A. Saving enough money to retire
B. Paying off student loans
C. Creating a monthly budget
D. Paying off a credit card

29. Which of the following statements about investment banks is true:
A. They provide consumers with personal loans and home mortgages.
B. They are created, owned, and operated by their members.
C. They help raise capital through the issuance of securities.
D. They help individuals or businesses transfer the risk of loss.

30. Which of the following is a cash control procedure for businesses:
A. Making sure one person has access to cash
B. Making sure everyone has access to cash
C. Documenting all cash transactions
D. Keeping cash and documentation in the same location

31. To calculate free cash flow, you need to subtract __________ from __________.
A. cash flow from operations; capital expenditures
B. cash flow per share; current stock price
C. current stock price; cash flow per share
D. capital expenditures; cash flow from operations

32. For financial information to be considered useful, which of the following are the common standards it must meet:
A. Ambiguous, irrelevant, unreliable, incomparable
B. Incomprehensible, irrelevant, reliable, obscure
C. Understandable, relevant, reliable, comparable
D. Understandable, relevant, unreliable, comparable

33. What are three types of credit card processing fees?
A. Assessment, payment processing, and cash advance fees
B. Balance transfer, assessment, and interchange fees
C. Interchange, assessment, and payment processing fees
D. Interchange, interest, and payment processing fees

34. What is a common result of a company cultivating good labor relations with its employees?
A. Employee turnover
B. Motivated employees
C. Increased workplace conflicts
D. Reduced employee loyalty

35. Hilda worked with her team to interview experts on a certain topic, document their knowledge, and then share that knowledge with the rest of the organization. What did Hilda do?
A. Arrange a joint venture
B. Exploit a knowledge gap
C. Implement concept mapping
D. Conduct a knowledge harvest

36. Which of the following is a general action that an employee can take to help their company meet a variety of goals:
A. Staying organized
B. Keeping promises to customers
C. Meeting needs of target market
D. Tracking sales

37. Which of the following is a type of behavioral segmentation:
A. Life stage
B. Rate of use
C. Socioeconomic status
D. Geographic location

38. A campground would fall under which of the following hospitality and tourism segments:
A. Food and beverage
B. Lodging
C. Travel and tourism
D. Recreation

39. Which of the following is a useful tip for collaborating in a word processing software or application:
A. Only one person should make edits at a time
B. Allow all staff to have access to a document
C. Avoid leaving comments about the content
D. Use track changes when editing a document

40. How have advancements in technology impacted the hotel industry?
A. Customers have lower expectations.
B. It is more difficult for customers to book a room.
C. Hotels are better able to improve guest experiences.
D. Hotels feel less connected to their staff.

41. While conducting research, it is important to understand and be able to recognize the difference between factual information and opinions. Which of the following statements best represents factual information:
A. It is created.
B. It is discovered.
C. It cannot be verified.
D. It is subjective.

42. Managing information appropriately is essential for business success because it
A. is time-consuming and expensive.
B. supports decision-making.
C. eliminates organizational identity.
D. disregards business continuity.

43. How can the use of descriptive statistics help a business with its decision-making?
A. They help increase materials used in production.
B. They can point out relationships between variables.
C. They help managers make hasty decisions.
D. They provide leaders with a biased market outlook.

44. Descriptive statistics consist of three basic categories of measures, including measures of central tendency, variability, and
A. frequency distribution.
B. variability.
C. direct distribution.
D. functionality.

45. Which of the following is a way in which a business can improve its decision-making:
A. Getting sign-off from half of its stakeholders
B. Revisiting its decisions after the outcomes
C. Avoiding conducting research on the competition
D. Capturing metrics that only show successes

46. Katherine is working with a customer interested in purchasing a new computer. She shows the customer a model they requested to see, but she also suggests a slightly more expensive model made for gaming, since that’s what the customer intends to use the new computer for. This is an example of
A. idea selling.
B. cross-selling.
C. suggestion selling.
D. up-selling.

47. Which of the following is an example of primary hospitality and tourism market information:
A. Data published from a research organization
B. Information compiled by a government agency study
C. Information gathered from surveys and field tests
D. Data collected from a study by a trade association

48. If a company wants to conduct an online survey of its customers, what is the best way to do so?
A. Invite customers to a discussion group
B. Email the survey to its customers
C. Call its customers to conduct the survey
D. Mail a survey to its customers

49. What is a common challenge a business may face with the use of unstructured business data?
A. They feature several rows and columns.
B. They are often generated into a table format.
C. They contain more numbers and figures than text.
D. They are difficult to standardize.

50. Which of the following is information that a hotel can most likely find on social media:
A. The number of times a customer booked a hotel this year
B. A customer's honest opinion of a hotel
C. The customer's room number at a hotel
D. How much time a customer spent in the hotel room
51. A hurricane causing people to change reservations and stay in hotels in a different city is an example of __________ impacting the hospitality and tourism industry.
A. technological changes
B. guest trends and preferences
C. economic shifts
D. the environment

52. Which of the following is a potential result of monitoring hospitality and tourism sales data:
A. Fewer perspectives generated
B. Better ability to attract customers
C. Improved productivity but decreased sales
D. Impaired efficiency and better marketing

53. Leya is a manager at the Luxury Hotel. As a result of recent budgetary issues, Leya needs to prepare a short report to share with the general manager. What should come first in Leya's report?
A. Specific examples of budget issues
B. The purpose of the report
C. A recommendation to adjust the budget
D. The facts and implications for the company

54. Which of the following statements about technology's impact on the tourism industry is true:
A. It makes it more difficult to conduct research before a trip.
B. It allows customers to book hotels and flights more easily.
C. It complicates the process of leaving a review.
D. It makes trip navigation more challenging.

55. You're a manager at a home goods store. While stocking supplies onto the top shelf, one of your employees fell off the ladder and injured their leg. What is the first step you should take to address this workplace injury?
A. Scrutinize your policies
B. File a report
C. Retrieve medical care
D. Investigate the incident

56. Which of the following is an effective waste management practice a hotel might implement:
A. Using refillable dispensers for soap and shampoo
B. Avoiding the usage of long-lasting LED lighting
C. Increasing the number of paper products in use
D. Using disposable towels for cleaning purposes

57. Which of the following is an example of an intellectual property that can be protected by a trademark:
A. Symbol
B. Invention
C. Musical
D. Book

58. When tracking invoices, it is important to
A. focus on the details.
B. only run a report twice a year.
C. make sure the process is complicated.
D. avoid using accounting software.

59. Which of the following is an example of a business output:
A. Goods and services
B. Raw materials
C. Equipment
D. Employees

60. For a cranberry juice company, the cranberries, sugar, and preservatives are what type of inventory?
A. Finished goods
B. Work-in-process
C. Raw materials
D. Buffer inventory

61. Jorge was hired by a company to establish a plan to protect its digital assets. What is the first thing Jorge should do in this process?
A. Purchase a cyber insurance policy
B. Back up all digital assets
C. List all of the company's digital assets
D. Register for ownership of digital assets

62. Which of the following would be considered a consumer in the travel and tourism chain of distribution:
A. Airbnb
B. Disneyland
C. A leisure traveler
D. A travel agent

63. Which of the following is a situation in which employees should evacuate an office building:
A. Hurricane
B. Outdoor chemical spill
C. Gas leak
D. Tornado

64. Which of the following is a way that you can prevent credit card fraud:
A. Use the same password for multiple sites
B. Don't use mobile payment apps
C. Watch out for phishing
D. Save credit card numbers online

65. Which of the following is an identity theft control that a business can implement:
A. Avoiding cybersecurity insurance
B. Checking its credit report once a year
C. Securing business records and documents
D. Educating some employees about cybersecurity

66. If an employee suffers a minor burn on their hand, what should they do?
A. Break open any blisters that form
B. Flush the burn with cool running water
C. Avoid taking pain medication
D. Apply ice to the burn

67. Which of the following is a way in which acting ethically can impact project management:
A. It results in project failure.
B. It builds stakeholder trust.
C. It leads to a loss of resources.
D. It could lead to legal issues.

68. Which of the following is an external factor that could influence your decision-making:
A. Experience
B. Framing
C. Comfort with risk
D. Emotion

69. Dante really enjoys playing the guitar and has been practicing for almost 4 years now. Not only does he want to continue to improve, but he hopes to create his own material. Which of the following is a detail-level goal Dante can set for himself:
A. Record and release a song
B. Make a living as a musical artist
C. Write an original song
D. Release multiple best-selling records

70. Which of the following is a consequence of failing to follow the chain of command:
A. It maintains order within your organization.
B. It gives you authority and makes you look smart.
C. It creates unnecessary complications for everyone else.
D. It helps you contribute to the business's productivity.

71. A museum conservator would most likely be part of which of the following hospitality and tourism categories:
A. Lodging
B. Recreation
C. Travel and tourism
D. Food and beverage

72. Which of the following agencies is most likely to impact the hospitality and tourism industry on an international scale:
A. British Hospitality Association (BHA)
B. World Tourism Organization (UNWTO)
C. American Hotel & Lodging Association (AHLA)
D. Florida Restaurant & Lodging Association (FRLA)

73. Nikolas always completes any tasks assigned to him and follows up with guests to ensure their satisfaction. What ethical principle does Nikolas demonstrate?
A. Fairness
B. Respect
C. Trustworthiness
D. Honesty

74. Grocery Mart is a large company. Who is most likely responsible for setting prices at the business?
A. Marketing department
B. Human resources manager
C. President/CEO
D. Accounting specialist

75. Product/Service management plays a significant role in marketing by
A. organizing employee hierarchy.
B. challenging product success.
C. removing corporate branding.
D. affecting product positioning.

76. An effective brand name should be
A. adaptable, graphic, and multi-syllabic.
B. available, appropriate, and named after a person.
C. memorable, short, and similar to competition.
D. distinctive, descriptive, and easy to read.

77. A company offers customers a chance to purchase more than one of a particular item at a discounted price. This is an example of __________ product bundling.
A. same
B. vertical
C. pure
D. mixed

78. Which of the following is an example of a product in the hospitality and tourism industry:
A. Mortgage
B. T-shirt
C. Tutor
D. Fruit parfait

79. Vanilla Coke and Cherry Coke are __________ of original Coke.
A. product bundles
B. product extensions
C. brand cues
D. brand champions

80. Which of the following statements is true about brand values:
A. They are not important for consumers to know.
B. They include both store brands and private brands.
C. They are what a brand would be like if it were a person.
D. They should be shared by everyone in the company.

81. Which of the following steps should occur first in the vendor-selection process:
A. Write Request for Proposal (RFP)
B. Analyze business requirements
C. Conduct vendor search
D. Develop contract negotiation strategy

82. Quality is important to business owner Alexandra, who works hard to ensure her business produces better products than rival companies. In other words, Alexandra makes quality her business’s
A. ethical dilemma.
B. return on investment.
C. organizational culture.
D. competitive advantage.

83. When Marissa booked a room at a lodge for her anniversary, she received a __________ that promised her room would be available even if she arrived late.
A. liability waiver
B. reimbursement
C. bookkeeping fee
D. hotel guarantee

84. Which of the following is an example of institutional promotion:
A. Commercials for Red Bull energy drinks
B. Coupons for a Burger King Whopper
C. A company's disaster relief efforts
D. Tom Hanks promoting his new film

85. TV commercials, pay-per-click links, and social media posts are all examples of
A. sales promotion.
B. sponsorship.
C. publicity.
D. advertisements.

86. Promotion in the hospitality and tourism industry often focuses on
A. luxury.
B. families.
C. an experience.
D. physical fitness.

87. In the business world, quality often refers to
A. skills and excellence.
B. excellence and value.
C. value and excitement.
D. excitement and skills.

88. Which of the following risk control methods is generally considered to be the best:
A. Separation
B. Loss prevention
C. Duplication
D. Avoidance

89. Which of the following is a disadvantage of enterprise risk management:
A. It may eliminate redundant processes.
B. It leads to fewer unexpected risks.
C. It can cause greater employee dissatisfaction.
D. It relies heavily on management estimates and inputs.

90. Wholesalers and retailers are examples of
A. intermediaries.
B. producers.
C. industrial users.
D. consumers.

91. After a customer decided to purchase a new suit, Ashish recommended they also buy a tie. This is an example of
A. suggestion selling.
B. an objection.
C. product demonstration.
D. follow-up.

92. Because there is so much information out there about certain products, salespeople need to
A. go directly to industry experts with their questions.
B. pick one source of product information to focus on.
C. pretend they know certain information even when they don’t.
D. know their customers and what is important to them.

93. Every Thanksgiving, a realtor sends a card to their current and past clients to thank them for their business. This is an example of what customer service strategy?
A. Keep in touch
B. Be prompt
C. Solicit feedback
D. Have a good attitude

94. When planning his wedding, Prashanth selected a hotel close to the wedding venue because it made it easier to arrange guest transportation. This is an example of selecting a site based on
A. value.
B. reputation.
C. location.
D. reliability.

95. While processing a sales transaction, Joshua deducted 10% from the product price because a customer had a coupon. This is an example of
A. a discount.
B. price fixing.
C. a yield percentage.
D. zoning.

96. Which of the following is an example of secondary hospitality and tourism market information:
A. Data collected from an online survey
B. Information gathered from an interview
C. Data compiled from a focus group
D. Information published by a trade organization

97. Prem requests a good from a company that does not typically make that product. What did Prem request from the company?
A. Implied warranty
B. Dummy invoice
C. Payroll
D. Special order

98. Gerard knows that his hotel guests appreciate being able to approach him quickly if they have service requests, so he always makes sure to be __________ when they need him.
A. argumentative
B. enthusiastic
C. confident
D. available

99. Ronnie works for the director of the Northwest region, but he is often pulled onto a team on which he reports to the creative director. Ronnie’s company most likely uses a __________ organizational structure.
A. matrix
B. divisional
C. functional
D. dysfunctional

100. Which of the following is a benefit of the directing function of management:
A. It helps determine company goals.
B. It allows managers to check progress.
C. It makes sure everyone knows what their role is.
D. It helps employees coordinate their work.


/////

1. B
Fresh linens. There are several basic amenities that hotels must offer its guests, including running water, a bed,
and fresh linens to name a few. Whenever a guest asks for fresh linens, the hotel is obligated to provide them.
Although many hotels offer a free breakfast, complementary toothbrushes, and a swimming pool, hotels are not
obligated to provide these amenities.
SOURCE: BL:135 Describe the rights of customers in the hospitality and tourism industry
SOURCE: Cranna, S. (2016, March 3). What you need to know about your rights as a hotel guest. Retrieved
November 28, 2022, from https://www.oyster.com/articles/what-you-need-to-know-about-your-rightsas-a-hotel-guest
2. D
Common law is created by court decisions rather than through written legislation. Common law is law created
by court decisions rather than through written legislation. It is not created by nongovernment officials. In a
common law system, legal decisions are based on past rulings and the precedent set by higher courts. All
people are subject to the law. Common law refers to how a law is created, not where it is applicable.
SOURCE: BL:163 Comply with the spirit and intent of laws and regulations
SOURCE: LAP-BL-163—Laying Down the Law (Complying With the Spirit and Intent of Laws and Regulations)
3. A
It is direct, clear, and simple. Effective business writing is direct, clear, simple, and gets to the point quickly.
Because it is designed to be read quickly, sentences in effective business writing are short and clear as
possible. Rather than using complex terms and language, effective business writing uses simple word choices.
Effective business writing shares crucial information and keeps the concerns of the audience in mind.
SOURCE: CO:016 Explain the nature of effective written communications
SOURCE: GCFGlobal.org. (2022). Business writing essentials. Retrieved August 18, 2022, from
https://edu.gcfglobal.org/en/business-communication/business-writing-essentials/1
4. A
Willing to listen to others. A group discussion is often successful when the participants are willing to listen to
others, as it allows for a healthy dialogue. For a group discussion to be successful, the participants need to be
prepared for the topic and willing to change their opinions. Participants should not look to start conflict in a
group discussion, as it will not contribute to the dialogue and could derail the conversation.
SOURCE: CO:053 Participate in group discussions
SOURCE: Smith, S. (2022, February 19). Taking part in academic discussions. Retrieved August 18, 2022,
from https://www.eapfoundation.com/speaking/discussions/participate
5. A
Policies are guidelines that explain how employees are to act. A policy is a guideline explaining how employees
are to act and how they are to deal with customers. A procedure is the step-by-step process that employees
must follow while performing a specific task. Policies are broader and more general in nature, and are more like
principles or rules for employees. Procedures are more detailed than policies, as they describe how to perform
a task.
SOURCE: CO:057 Analyze company resources to ascertain policies and procedures
SOURCE: Difference Between. (2022). Difference between policy and procedure. Retrieved August 18, 2022,
from http://www.differencebetween.info/difference-between-policy-and-procedure

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2023 HS ICDC

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

2

6. C
Corporate culture. A business’s corporate culture is the values and ideals that an organization encourages
among its employees. No customer relationship management program will fully accomplish its objectives unless
it becomes an important part of the business’s overall corporate culture. Business process management exists
when a customer-centric business is constantly striving to align its objectives and activities with customer
needs. Continuous improvement refers to continuously evaluating business processes to make them more
efficient and effective.
SOURCE: CR:016 Discuss the nature of customer relationship management
SOURCE: LAP-CR-016—Know When to Hold ‘Em (Nature of Customer Relationship Management)
7. C
To answer questions and solve problems. One way a company can use social media to enhance a customer's
post-sale experience is by answering questions or solving problems. Oftentimes, when a customer has a
question or concern about a product or service, they will post about it on social media. By responding to these
posts to answer a question or solve a problem, a company can gain customer loyalty and improve their postsale experience. Rather than hiding issues with a product or service, a company can use social media to inform
customers about any issues and share their strategy for improving the issues. Companies should not use social
media to pressure customers into buying more. Customers typically prefer help and support when it is needed
after purchasing a product or service. Pressuring customers into buying more could push them away.
Companies should welcome all feedback, even if it is negative. Negative feedback can help a company improve
their products and services.
SOURCE: CR:028 Use digital media to enhance customer post-sales experience
SOURCE: Schiff, J.L. (2015, September 15). 7 ways social media can improve customer satisfaction. Retrieved
December 2, 2022, from https://www.cio.com/article/245133/7-ways-social-media-can-improvecustomer-satisfaction.html
8. A
Operational issues. Operational issues are commonplace in the hotel industry and can include reservation
management, front office operations, maintaining cleanliness in rooms, and attending to guests. Retaining staff
members, changes in marketing trends, and changes in guest expectations are also customer service
challenges in the hotel industry, but they are not necessarily tied to reservation management problems.
SOURCE: CR:043 Describe customer-service challenges in the hospitality and tourism industry
SOURCE: Mistry, S. (2022, December 6). How to deal with common challenges in hotel industry? Retrieved
February 3, 2023, from https://www.ezeeabsolute.com/blog/how-to-deal-with-challenges-in-hotelindustry
9. C
Communication is vital to the recovery process. Guest recovery refers to the steps a company takes to address
and/or correct a customer's complaints. When it comes to addressing a customer's complaints, communication
is vital to the recovery process. Without proper communication, important information from either side may fall
through the cracks or the customer may not feel they are being heard. Companies should prioritize establishing
a response process for customer complaints. A response process can serve as a blueprint for staff members for
handling customer feedback. Without this process, customers will experience varied levels of responses and
response times. Rather than wait a day to respond to a customer, companies should try to respond as soon as
possible. Companies should keep records of their customer feedback. Tracking customer feedback can help
companies analyze their processes and improve where needed.
SOURCE: CR:045 Explain the nature of guest recovery
SOURCE: Pedanco. (2015, March 3). The simple rules of guest recovery. Retrieved December 6, 2022, from
https://blog.pedanco.com/the-simple-rules-of-guest-recovery-ee7daabe881f

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2023 HS ICDC

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

3

10. A
Display a positive attitude. When a customer service representative is trying to solve a customer's complaint, it
is important for them to display a positive attitude. A positive attitude can help de-escalate angry customers.
Customers are less likely to maintain their angry or disrespectful manner if the customer service representative
is kind, empathetic, and optimistic they can solve the problem. Customer service representatives should
apologize to customers. Even if the company didn't do anything wrong, customer service representatives should
apologize for the inconvenience and frustration the customer is experiencing. Customer service representatives
should ask as many questions as necessary, as it will show the customer that they want to understand the
problem fully and will provide the representative with important information that can be used to solve the
problem. Customer service representatives should let the customers vent their frustrations. This can help angry
customers calm down and show them that the customer service representative is willing to listen.
SOURCE: CR:046 Determine strategies for resolving customer-service situations
SOURCE: CallMiner. (2022, July 28). 25 conflict resolution strategies for customer service. Retrieved
December 6, 2022, from https://callminer.com/blog/25-conflict-resolution-strategies-for-customerservice
11. C
Customers typically share good experiences with others. Businesses in the hospitality and tourism industry,
such as hotels, transportation, and theme parks, all rely on customers to succeed. Without customers, the
hospitality and tourism industry would not survive. When a business has great customer service, those
customers will share their experience with others. The opposite is true, too, as customers will often share bad
experiences with others. Customers want to feel valued and appreciated, so they will often choose the business
with the best customer service.
SOURCE: CR:049 Explain the nature of customer service in the hospitality and tourism industry
SOURCE: Hamilton, J. (2022). Why customer service in the hospitality industry is everything. Retrieved
December 6, 2022, from https://www.inbusinessmag.com/why-customer-service-in-the-hospitalityindustry-is-everything
12. D
Providing 24/7 year-round customer service. When a company is trying to implement strong customer service
practices, it should consider providing 24/7 year-round customer service. Although it may not be feasible for
some companies, providing this service can go a long way toward providing a positive customer experience.
Being available after hours and on weekends can build trust and loyalty in customers. Rather than hiring as
many people as possible, companies should consider hiring the right people. Customer service representatives
that have the necessary skills, along with being patient, empathetic, and good listeners, will improve the overall
experience for customers. Customer service processes should be simple and easy for customers, not
complicated. Companies should use technology to analyze customers. The use of technology makes the
customer service representative's job easier and gives them information needed to properly help customers.
SOURCE: CR:051 Identify factors affecting customer-service practices in hospitality and tourism
SOURCE: Chouffani, R. (2021, December 2). 10 customer service best practices to follow. Retrieved December
7, 2022, from https://www.techtarget.com/searchcustomerexperience/feature/10-customer-servicebest-practices-to-follow

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2023 HS ICDC

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

4

13. C
Responded in a timely fashion. A customer will likely have a positive experience if the customer service
representative responded in a timely fashion. Timeliness is an important factor in customer service, as
customers expect companies to answer their questions or find solutions to their problems in a reasonable time
frame. Customer service representatives should make time a priority. Customer service representatives should
display a professional attitude rather than a carefree attitude. They should also show empathy for the customer,
as it can calm down angry customers. Customer service representatives should ask several questions and
actively listen to the customer. By asking questions, customer service representatives can gather as much
information as possible and will be better equipped to help the customer with their question or problem.
SOURCE: CR:052 Identify factors associated with positive customer experiences
SOURCE: Advapay. (2021, January 27). Our 10 critical success factors to providing exceptional customer
service. Retrieved December 7, 2022, from https://advapay.eu/our-10-critical-success-factors-toproviding-exceptional-customer-service
14. D
Be proactive and push innovation. By being proactive and pushing innovation, a company can anticipate its
customers' needs. Businesses should do everything they can to be one step ahead of their customers and
predict what their customers need. Being able to offer a solution before a customer voices a concern or even
before they realize they have a problem is a great way to gain a customer's loyalty. In addition, pushing
innovation is an important way to serve customers better and to delight them in new ways. Asking customers for
feedback and staying up to date with current trends are two ways companies can anticipate its customers'
needs. Prioritizing business success over customers is not a way to anticipate customer needs. Instead,
companies should make customers and customer success a priority.
SOURCE: CR:053 Anticipate unspoken customer needs
SOURCE: Plaksij, Z. (2022, November 15). The game of chess: How to anticipate your customers' next move.
Retrieved December 1, 2022, from https://www.superoffice.com/blog/customer-needs
15. A
A wheelchair accessible room. When a guest asks a hotel for a wheelchair accessible room, it is considered a
special need that the hotel must accommodate. A guest asking for an extra set of towels, an early check-in
time, or a late-night dinner menu are not considered special needs a hotel must accommodate. Rather, they are
specific requests that guests make to a hotel.
SOURCE: CR:054 Accommodate special needs/specific requests of customers
SOURCE: Lacalle, E. (2022, July 5). What is an accessible hotel room and what should it include? Retrieved
December 2, 2022, from https://www.mews.com/en/blog/accessible-hotel-rooms
16. B
Up; down. Supply interacts with demand to determine prices. Supply indicates the quantities of an item offered
at different possible prices during a specific period of time. Usually, the higher the price of an item, the more of it
that will be offered for sale. Likewise, the lower the price of an item, the less of it that will be offered for sale.
Demand, on the other hand, reflects the quantities that consumers are willing and able to buy at various
possible prices during the same period. Typically, the lower the price of something, the more of it that will be
purchased. Also, the higher the price of something, the less of it that will be purchased. Put simply, as price
increases, supply goes up and demand goes down. As price decreases, supply goes down and demand goes
up.
SOURCE: EC:006 Describe the functions of prices in markets
SOURCE: LAP-EC-906—When More Is Less (Functions of Prices)

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2023 HS ICDC

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

5

17. B
$42,000. The company’s gross profit for the month was $42,000. Gross profit is the money left after the cost-ofgoods expense is subtracted from the total income. The formula to calculate gross profit is: Income from sales –
Cost of goods = Gross profit. In this scenario, the income from sales is $50,000 and the cost-of-goods expense
is $8,000. Plugging those numbers into the equation gives you: $50,000 – $8,000 = $42,000.
SOURCE: EC:010 Identify factors affecting a business's profit
SOURCE: LAP-EC-910—Risk Rewarded (Factors Affecting Profit)
18. B
Lockouts. A lockout is a company strategy in which the business is closed, and the employees are not allowed
to work. Injunctions and shifts in production are other pressure strategies that management could use. Picketing
and corporate campaigns are pressure strategies that unions use against management. Picketing occurs when
union members stand near a company's entrance during a conflict or strike, often carrying signs and chanting
slogans. A corporate campaign involves dissatisfied union members disrupting shareholder meetings or buying
up stock. Arbitration is the act of settling a dispute by using an uninvolved third party. Arbitration is not
considered a pressure strategy.
SOURCE: EC:015 Explain the concept of organized labor and business
SOURCE: LAP-EC-915—Get United (Organized Labor)
19. C
Trough. Trough is the phase of the business cycle considered the low point of economic activity. A trough is
sometimes seen as a positive sign—hitting rock bottom implies that an economic recovery is on its way. A
contraction is a period of diminishing economic activity. Expansion is the stage of the business cycle
characterized by growth in economic activity. Peak is the phase of the business cycle considered the high point
of economic activity.
SOURCE: EC:018 Determine the impact of business cycles on business activities
SOURCE: LAP-EC-918—Boom or Bust (Impact of Business Cycles)
20. D
Better access to roads. There is a relationship between tourism and economic development, especially in towns
that rely on tourists to enhance their economic development. For example, tourism in a small town can aid in
the development of infrastructure, provide more jobs for local citizens, and help local citizens start businesses
that cater to tourists. A small town with a strong economy as a result of tourism will have infrastructure to
support the tourist market, such as better access to developed roads, good airports, and available hotels and
restaurants. Tourism needs several services to sustain in the industry, which leads to more jobs for the locals in
restaurants, stores, hotels, etc. In addition, tourism allows for more businesses, as local citizens are more likely
to open small businesses that cater to tourists.
SOURCE: EC:136 Explain the relationship between the economy and hospitality and tourism
SOURCE: Ejim, E. (2022, November 4). What is the relationship between tourism and economic development?
Retrieved December 7, 2022, from https://www.smartcapitalmind.com/what-is-the-relationshipbetween-tourism-and-economic-development.htm
21. A
She is willing to go above and beyond. By showing up to work early and staying an hour later than her
colleagues, Natasha is showing that she is willing to go above and beyond. Effective change leaders are
constantly looking for extra ways to help and contribute and are willing to go the extra mile to grow as a
professional. Change leaders also love to learn new things, are independent and persuasive, and know how to
relate positively with others. Natasha is not necessarily demonstrating these qualities in this scenario.
SOURCE: EI:005 Lead change
SOURCE: LAP-EI-005—Start the Revolution (Leading Change)

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2023 HS ICDC

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

6

22. D
A sprinter training to run a faster time. A sprinter training to run a faster time is an example of an achievementoriented person displaying the improvement standard of excellence. Achievement-oriented people aren’t
satisfied with the status quo (the way things are). They are constantly looking for ways to work better, faster,
smarter, and more efficiently. They want to improve their individual performances as well as the overall
performances of their companies or organizations. The other three standards of excellence are results, trying
something new, and competition. An athletic coach focusing on the end goal is an example of the results
standard of excellence. An engineer trying a brand-new method is an example of someone trying something
new. A salesperson outselling their colleagues is an example of the competition standard.
SOURCE: EI:027 Develop an achievement orientation
SOURCE: LAP-EI-027—High Hopes (Developing an Achievement Orientation)
23. C
Friendships. According to Maslow’s Hierarchy of Needs, the need for friendship is considered a social need.
Social needs, along with safety and physiological needs, make up the category of low-level needs. High-level
needs are comprised of esteem and self-actualization needs. Respect from others, personal fulfillment, and
prestige are components of esteem and self-actualization needs and are, therefore, not considered low-level
needs.
SOURCE: EI:059 Motivate team members
SOURCE: LAP-EI-059—Raise Them Up (Motivating Others)
24. C
Kenji makes several concessions during a conversation with his landlord, settling for a short-term loss now.
People who accommodate others might find themselves doing or agreeing to something they don’t really like.
One person might give in, hoping to gain something else during another negotiation. The negotiator settles for a
short-term loss now, with the hope of acquiring a long-term win later. Adah is using a collaborative approach.
Hakeem is using a combative style. Destiny is using an avoidant style.
SOURCE: EI:062 Demonstrate negotiation skills
SOURCE: LAP-EI-062—Make It a Win-Win (Negotiation in Business)
25. A
Burnout. Burnout is a type of exhaustion that is usually caused by too much stress. When you experience
burnout, you may become physically and mentally unable to continue on at the same pace. Burnout is a
dangerous thing—it can permanently alter your opinion toward your career or hobbies, such as dancing. A
perfectionist is someone who refuses to accept any standard short of perfection. Scheduling is the process of
arranging, controlling, and optimizing your time to be as productive as possible. Ethnocentrism is the belief that
your own culture is naturally better than other cultures.
SOURCE: EI:077 Manage commitments in a timely manner
SOURCE: LAP-EI-077—Commit to It (Managing Commitments in a Timely Manner)
26. C
Coercive. When people utilize coercive power, they force their followers to do things against their will by setting
up consequences for failure to complete the desired task. Coercive leaders often rely on bullying and threats to
influence people, which can lead to fear, dissatisfaction, and resentment among followers. When people use
reward power, they rely on incentives and prizes to motivate their followers to behave a certain way. People
who have authority, such as government officials, have legitimate power—the power of position or role.
Charismatic power is a fictitious term.
SOURCE: EI:135 Use power appropriately
SOURCE: LAP-EI-135—Power Play (Using Power Appropriately)

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2023 HS ICDC

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

7

27. B
Worth more than. The time value of money is the basic financial concept that states that money in the present is
worth more than the same amount of money received in the future. Money you have right now can be invested
and earn a return, thus creating a larger amount of money in the future (though not necessarily double the
amount of the original investment). The time value of money concept does not state that money in the present is
worth less than or equal to the same amount of money to be received in the future.
SOURCE: FI:062 Explain the time value of money
SOURCE: Corporate Finance Institute. (2022, May 7). Time value of money. Retrieved August 19, 2022, from
https://corporatefinanceinstitute.com/resources/knowledge/valuation/time-value-of-money
28. A
Saving enough money to retire. Setting short-term, midterm, and long-term financial goals is important en route
to being financially stable. The biggest long-term financial goal for most people is saving enough money to
retire. Paying off student loans is considered a midterm financial goal, as most people pay them off while they
are still working. Paying off a credit card and creating a monthly budget are both short-term financial goals.
SOURCE: FI:065 Set financial goals
SOURCE: Fontinelle, A. (2022, April 9). How to set financial goals for your future. Retrieved August 29, 2022,
from https://www.investopedia.com/articles/personal-finance/100516/setting-financial-goals
29. C
They help raise capital through the issuance of securities. An investment bank is a firm that specializes in
helping individuals, corporations, and governments issue securities. They also aid in complicated financial
matters such as mergers and acquisitions. Savings and loan associations, retail banks, and commercial banks
commonly provide customers with personal loans and home mortgages. Credit unions are created, owned, and
operated by their members. Insurance companies help individuals or businesses transfer the risk of loss.
SOURCE: FI:075 Describe types of financial-services providers
SOURCE: Horton, M. (2021, April 21). What are the 9 major types of financial institutions? Retrieved August 30,
2022, from https://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/061615/what-are-major-categories-financialinstitutions-and-what-are-their-primary-roles.asp
30. C
Documenting all cash transactions. Cash control is a process used to accurately record all cash received and
any cash disbursements. In the term “cash control,” cash can refer to currency, coin, money orders, credit card
receipts, and checks. A key cash control procedure is to document all cash transactions. If not recorded
immediately, they should be recorded as soon as possible. Another cash control procedure is to make sure
there are at least two people who have access to the cash. If one person only has access to cash, it makes it
easier for theft to occur. With multiple people having access to cash, people can be held accountable for the
way the cash is managed. However, there should be a limited number of people who have access, not
everyone. Another cash control is to make sure cash and documents relating to cash transactions (e.g.,
accounting book) should be kept in different locations.
SOURCE: FI:113 Explain cash control procedures (e.g., signature cards, deposit slips, internal/external
controls, cash clearing, etc.)
SOURCE: Tatum, M. (2022, December 3). What is cash control? Retrieved December 8, 2022, from
https://www.smartcapitalmind.com/what-is-cash-control.htm

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2023 HS ICDC

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

8

31. D
Capital expenditures; cash flow from operations. Free cash flow refers to the cash a company produces after
accounting for cash outflows. To calculate free cash flow, you need to subtract capital expenditures from cash
flow from operations (Free cash flow = Cash flow from operations − Capital expenditures). Investors can use a
cash flow statement and a balance sheet to calculate free cash flow.
SOURCE: FI:541 Interpret cash-flow statements
SOURCE: McClure, B. (2021, July 30). Free cash flow: Free is always best. Retrieved December 8, 2022, from
https://www.investopedia.com/articles/fundamental/03/091703.asp
32. C
Understandable, relevant, reliable, comparable. For financial information to be considered useful, it must be
understandable, relevant, reliable, and comparable. Financial information must be understandable, not just to
the people who prepare it, but to everyone who needs to use it. Financial information must be relevant, meaning
it is timely and appropriate to the situation at hand. Financial information must be reliable, meaning that it is
accurate, complete, neutral, and conforms to specific standards in the United States and around the world.
Financial information should be comparable, meaning it should be able to be compared to past financial
information and data from similar businesses. Useful financial information is not unreliable, incomprehensible,
irrelevant, obscure, ambiguous, or incomparable.
SOURCE: FI:579 Describe the need for financial information
SOURCE: LAP-FI-579—By the Numbers (The Need for Financial Information)
33. C
Interchange, assessment, and payment processing fees. A credit card processing fee is the amount payment
processors charge whenever a transaction is made with a credit card. Three types of credit card processing
fees are interchange, assessment, and payment processing fees. A credit card assessment fee is a cost that
goes to the credit card brand, while an interchange fee is a cost that goes to the issuing bank through card
brands. Payment processing fees go to the processor, or the company that manages your card payment
processes. Interest charges, balance transfer fees, and cash advance fees are all common credit card fees, but
they are not considered types of credit card processing fees.
SOURCE: FI:790 Calculate credit-card processing costs
SOURCE: Sarda, B. (2022, September 6). How to calculate credit card processing fees? [Tips to lower them].
Retrieved December 7, 2022, from https://www.highradius.com/resources/Blog/calculate-credit-cardprocessing-fees
34. B
Motivated employees. When a company cultivates good labor relations with its employees, employees are more
likely to be motivated to do their job well. Creating good relations with employees can motivate them to be
better in terms of productivity. Recognizing their good work and rewarding them can also keep employees
motivated. Other results of a company cultivating good labor relations with its employees include less workplace
conflicts, increased employee loyalty, and less employee turnover. Increased workplace conflicts, employee
turnover, and reduced employee loyalty are not typically results of a company cultivating good labor relations
with its employees.
SOURCE: HR:452 Explain labor-relations issues
SOURCE: Todd, S. (2023). 5 employee relations issues and how to handle them. Retrieved December 9, 2022,
from https://opensourcedworkplace.com/news/5-employee-relations-issues-and-how-to-handle-them

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2023 HS ICDC

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

9

35. D
Conduct a knowledge harvest. A knowledge harvest is an activity involving the interview of experts to document
and share their knowledge with a team or organization. When Hilda and her team interviewed experts and
shared their knowledge with the organization, they conducted a knowledge harvest. Hilda did not exploit a
knowledge gap, or an area or subject you don’t know anything about. She also did not arrange a joint venture
(an arrangement between two or more businesses) or implement concept mapping (a visual organization
technique).
SOURCE: KM:005 Identify techniques that can be used to capture and transfer knowledge in an organization
SOURCE: Hill, J. (2022, March 17). How knowledge harvesting can help your business. Retrieved December 9,
2022, from https://bloomfire.com/blog/knowledge-harvesting-need/
36. A
Staying organized. By staying organized and on task, maintaining focus, and being efficient, employees can
help their company reduce costs, improve profits, and meet a variety of other goals. Keeping promises to
customers, tracking sales, and meeting the needs of the target market are all specific actions an employee can
take to help a company improve customer satisfaction and increase sales.
SOURCE: MK:015 Discuss actions employees can take to achieve the company's desired results
SOURCE: LAP-MK-015—Act Now! (Employee Actions and Company Goals)
37. B
Rate of use. Dividing customers into groups according to their response to a product is behavioral
segmentation. Customers are grouped into categories based on what they are looking for in a product and why
they buy the product. Types of behavioral segmentation are rate of use, benefits derived, loyalty response, and
occasion response. Grouping customers according to where they are located is geographic segmentation.
Demographic segmentation divides a market on the basis of its physical and social characteristics, including
gender, origin or heritage, religion, socioeconomic status, and life stage.
SOURCE: MP:003 Explain the concept of market and market identification
SOURCE: LAP-MP-003—Have We Met? (Market Identification)
38. B
Lodging. The hospitality and tourism industry has multiple segments, including food and beverage, travel and
tourism, lodging, and recreation. Lodging includes entities that provide any sleep accommodations for one or
more nights, such as hotels, hostels, and campgrounds. Campgrounds would not be included within the travel
and tourism, recreation, and food or beverage segments of the hospitality and tourism industry.
SOURCE: MP:035 Identify ways to segment hospitality and tourism markets
SOURCE: Novak, P. (2017, April 24). What are the 4 segments of the hospitality industry. Retrieved December
9, 2022, from https://www.hospitalitynet.org/opinion/4082318.html

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2023 HS ICDC

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

10

39. D
Use track changes when editing a document. Collaborating with one or more people in a word processing
software or application such as Microsoft Word or Google Docs can be challenging at times. Because of this, it
is important to use the track changes feature when editing the document. That way, the other collaborators will
be able to see the changes you made and can approve or reject them. Word processing software and
applications today allow more than one person to edit a document in real time, which can speed up and improve
the workflow. Only those who need access to a document should have access to it—not all staff. Another
important tool for editing a document is the ability to leave comments throughout the section. Leaving
comments is important as it allows group members to ask and answer questions, discuss the content, or make
a note to revisit later.
SOURCE: NF:011 Demonstrate collaborative/groupware applications
SOURCE: PivotGround. (2020, November 17). 5 tips for digital document collaboration in 15 minutes. [Video].
Retrieved August 31, 2022, from https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NJiDZCRBPgQ
40. C
Hotels are better able to improve guest experiences. Technology advancements have made it easier for hotels
to improve their guests' overall experience. For example, guests are able to book a room easier, as they can
simply go online and book a room of their liking. In addition, guests can more easily see the rating and reviews
of a hotel, explore the accommodations it offers, and make special requests while booking a room. If a guest
makes a special request when booking a room, it allows the hotel to fulfill their request to make the guest’s stay
more enjoyable. Technology has led to customers having higher (not lower) expectations. For example,
customers expect a hotel to offer free Wi-Fi and to respond to inquiries in a timely manner. Technology allows a
hotel to feel more (not less) connected to its staff across all departments, as hotel staffers are often able to
access a management system on their phones, computers, tablets, etc.
SOURCE: NF:060 Explain ways that technology impacts the hospitality and tourism industry
SOURCE: Bhatnagar, P. (2020, February 3). The importance of updating your hotel technology. Retrieved
December 9, 2022, from https://www.hotelogix.com/blog/2020/02/03/the-importance-of-updatingyour-hotel-technology
41. B
It is discovered. A fact is a true statement. Factual information has several characteristics, including that it can
be proven true or false, it is objective, it is discovered, it states reality, and it can be verified. An opinion is a
person’s point of view or belief about a topic. An opinion may or may not be backed up by facts and sometimes
cannot be proven true or false. Other characteristics of opinions are that they are subjective, they are created,
they interpret reality, and they cannot be verified.
SOURCE: NF:077 Assess information needs
SOURCE: St. Joseph's University, New York. (2022, February 28). Evaluating sources: Fact checking, fake
news, and bias: Fact vs. opinion. Retrieved August 31, 2022, from
https://brooklyn.sjcny.libguides.com/c.php?g=648836&p=4692986
42. B
Supports decision-making. It is impossible to make the right decisions unless you have all the information you
need. When a business manages information appropriately, it takes the guesswork out of many decisions.
Informed decisions are better decisions, and better decisions reduce a business’s risk and help a business keep
ahead of the competition. Managing information appropriately also helps business success because it saves
time and money, helps businesses serve customers more effectively and efficiently, maintains organizational
consistency and credibility, helps businesses comply with laws and regulations, preserves organizational
identity and history, and maintains business continuity in case of disaster.
SOURCE: NF:110 Discuss the nature of information management
SOURCE: LAP-NF-110—In the Know (Nature of Information Management)

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2023 HS ICDC

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

11

43. B
They can point out relationships between variables. Descriptive statistics summarize the characteristics of a
data set. A careful review of a descriptive statistics data set can reveal relationships or links between variables
in the data set. The use of descriptive statistics can help managers make faster, yet smarter, decisions—not
hasty decisions. Descriptive statistics can also provide leadership with an unbiased outlook of the market, which
can help prevent them from building a strategy on presumptions or presuppositions. Descriptive statistics can
help a company reduce materials used in production, which can save money.
SOURCE: NF:236 Explain the use of descriptive statistics in business decision making
SOURCE: Williams, J.T. (2019, February 12). The importance of statistics in management decision making.
Retrieved December 12, 2022, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/importance-statisticsmanagement-decision-making-4589.html
44. A
Frequency distribution. Descriptive statistics summarize the characteristics of a data set. Descriptive statistics
consist of three basic categories of measures: measures of central tendency, measures of variability (or
spread), and frequency distribution. Measures of central tendency describe the center of a data set, such as the
mean, median, and mode. Measures of variability describe the dispersion of a data set, such as variance and
standard deviation. Measures of frequency distribution describe the occurrence of data within a data set (count).
Measures of functionality, measures of viability, and direct distribution are not basic categories that descriptive
statistics measures.
SOURCE: NF:237 Interpret descriptive statistics for business decision making
SOURCE: Hayes, A. (2022, August 1). Descriptive statistics: Definition, overview, types, example. Retrieved
December 12, 2022, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/d/descriptive_statistics.asp
45. B
Revisiting its decisions after the outcomes. One way a business can consistently improve its decision-making is
by revisiting its decisions after the outcomes. By doing this, businesses can evaluate their decisions and
determine where they can improve. Businesses should get sign-off from all stakeholders, not just half.
Capturing metrics that show successes is important, but businesses should also capture failures and the
comparative benefits of other options that were considered. Businesses can also improve decision-making by
researching what their competitors are doing.
SOURCE: NF:280 Identify information monitored for business decision making
SOURCE: Eby, K. (2018, August 24). The definitive guide to business decision-making. Retrieved December 9,
2022, from https://www.smartsheet.com/business-decision-making-process
46. D
Up-selling. Up-selling is a sales technique in which a higher-priced product than the one originally requested by
the customer is suggested. In Katherine’s case, she suggested a more expensive computer model than the one
originally requested by the customer because she knew it would better fit their needs. Suggestion selling (also
called cross-selling) is a sales technique in which the salesperson attempts to increase the customer's purchase
by recommending additional items after the original decision to buy has been made. Idea selling is the process
of convincing other people that an idea, proposal, or strategy will lead to positive results for them or for their
organization.
SOURCE: SE:476 Up-sell to enhance customer experience
SOURCE: Salesforce. (n.d.). What is upselling? Retrieved November 29, 2022, from
https://www.salesforce.com/eu/learning-centre/sales/upselling/

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2023 HS ICDC

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

12

47. C
Information gathered from surveys and field tests. Primary market information is collected through primary
research. Primary research is research that is conducted by a company and tailored to its particular needs. In
the hospitality and tourism industry, businesses such as hotels, tourist destinations, restaurants, etc., may
conduct primary research through the use of surveys, field tests, focus groups, interviews, or observations. Data
collected from a study by a trade association, information compiled by a government agency study, and data
published from a research organization are all examples of secondary research—research that has already
been gathered, compiled, and published by others.
SOURCE: NF:282 Explain types of primary hospitality and tourism market information
SOURCE: The Hartford. (2022). Types of market research: Primary vs secondary. Retrieved December 12,
2022, from https://www.thehartford.com/business-insurance/strategy/market-research/primarysecond-research
48. B
Email the survey to its customers. One common way companies in the hospitality and tourism industry collect
business information is through online surveys. The best way for a business to conduct an online survey is to
email the survey to its customers. That way, when customers receive the email, they are able to click on a link
that will take them right to the survey. Calling customers to conduct a survey is how a company would conduct a
phone survey. Inviting customers to a discussion group is a way to facilitate a discussion with a group of people,
not conduct a survey. Mailing a survey to customers is how a company would conduct a mail survey.
SOURCE: NF:283 Describe methods used to collect hospitality and tourism business information (e.g.,
observations, mail, telephone, Internet, discussion groups, interviews)
SOURCE: AllBusiness. (2022). The five basic methods of market research. Retrieved December 12, 2022, from
https://www.allbusiness.com/the-five-basic-methods-of-market-research-1287-1.html
49. D
They are difficult to standardize. Unstructured data are any kind of data—often qualitative—that don't have a
recognized structure, aren't easy to normalize, and are difficult to search through. When a company uses
unstructured data, the data are stored in a native format rather than a normalized spreadsheet or table.
Unstructured data often contain more text than numbers and figures, making them more difficult to standardize.
Content from emails, social media posts, chat records, web content, audio recordings, video recordings, and
photos are all considered unstructured data. Structured data are quantitative data that are in a format that a
database can easily read and understand. Structured data are often generated into a table or spreadsheet
format.
SOURCE: NF:285 Identify challenges with the use of unstructured business data
SOURCE: Belmonte, C. (2021, October 22). What is structured vs. unstructured data? Retrieved December 12,
2022, from https://technologyadvice.com/blog/information-technology/what-is-structured-vsunstructured-data
50. B
A customer's honest opinion of a hotel. Information that a hotel can most likely find on social media includes a
customer's honest opinion of the hotel. Oftentimes, customers will post on social media describing their
experience staying in a hotel. For example, on Facebook, customers can post on their own page, on the hotel's
page, or they can comment on a post made by the hotel. It may be difficult for a hotel to find out the number of
times a customer booked a hotel this year, how much time a customer spent in the hotel room, or the
customer's room number at a hotel on social media.
SOURCE: NF:286 Obtain hospitality and tourism information from online sources (e.g., search engines, online
databases, blogs, forums, listservs, web analytics, social media, geolocation services)
SOURCE: Revfine.com. (2021). 8 social media strategies for hotels to engage with guests. Retrieved
December 12, 2022, from https://www.revfine.com/social-media-strategies-hotels

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2023 HS ICDC

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

13

51. D
The environment. A hurricane causing people to change reservations and stay in hotels in a different city is an
example of the environment impacting the hospitality and tourism industry. When a hurricane hits an area,
oftentimes citizens and tourists from that area will flee to a different city and stay in a hotel until the hurricane
passes. This scenario is not an example of how technological changes, economic shifts, or guest trends and
preferences impact the hospitality and tourism industry.
SOURCE: NF:287 Track environmental changes that impact hospitality and tourism (e.g., technological
changes, guest trends, economic changes, regulatory changes)
SOURCE: Petersen, L. (2019, March 29). Uncontrollable variables that affect the hospitality industry. Retrieved
December 12, 2022, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/uncontrollable-variables-affect-hospitalityindustry-38795.html
52. B
Better ability to attract customers. There are many benefits for companies in the hospitality and tourism industry
that monitor sales data. One of these benefits is that it can help a company attract customers. Using data to
understand customer preferences and current trends in the industry can help a company improve its services to
provide a better customer experience, while also improving its marketing plan and social media presence. In
addition, it can help a business generate new perspectives. All of this, in turn, can lead to better productivity,
profitability (increased sales), efficiency, and revenue management.
SOURCE: NF:288 Monitor hospitality and tourism sales data
SOURCE: eZee Absolute. (2022, September 21). How data analytics in the hospitality industry can be helpful?
(6 tips inside). Retrieved December 13, 2022, from https://www.ezeeabsolute.com/blog/dataanalytics-in-hospitality-industry
53. B
The purpose of the report. A short report is a formal but brief document that provides information needed for the
decision-making process. Leya's report should begin with an introduction that states the purpose of the report.
Any facts, concerns, implications for the company, and other relevant information should be included in the
body of the report. Specific examples of budget issues can be included in the body, as well. A recommendation
to adjust the budget should be included in the conclusion, which summarizes the report.
SOURCE: NF:292 Prepare written reports for hospitality and tourism decision-making
SOURCE: Meier, K.S. (2018, August 8). How to write a short report to the general manager. Retrieved
December 13, 2022, from https://work.chron.com/write-short-report-general-manager-7223.html
54. B
It allows customers to book hotels and flights more easily. Mobile technology has drastically changed the
tourism industry over the last two decades. Thanks to many hotels and airlines creating mobile apps, customers
can book hotels and flights more easily. Mobile technology has made it easier for tourists to conduct research
before a trip and to leave reviews, as they can do it on their cell phones and tablets. Thanks to apps like Google
Maps, it is easier for tourists to navigate while on a trip.
SOURCE: NF:313 Describe the impact of mobile technology on the hospitality and tourism industry
SOURCE: Mansuri, S. (2017, February 28). How mobile technology is revolutionizing the travel industry.
Retrieved December 9, 2022, from https://www.justluxe.com/luxe-insider/trends/feature1965252.php

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2023 HS ICDC

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

14

55. C
Retrieve medical care. First and foremost, whenever an injury occurs in the workplace, medical care should be
provided to the injured employee. After medical care is given to the injured employee, then you can begin to
investigate the incident, file a report, and notify the necessary individuals and organizations. Once all of this is
finished, then you can look at your policies to determine what can improve.
SOURCE: OP:009 Explain procedures for handling accidents
SOURCE: Willis, K. (2018, January 26). 8 steps for addressing workplace injuries. Retrieved September 1,
2022, from https://www.shrm.org/hr-today/news/hr-magazine/0218/pages/8-steps-for-addressingworkplace-injuries.aspx
56. A
Using refillable dispensers for soap and shampoo. Waste management practices involve reusing materials in
order to limit waste. By using refillable dispensers for soap and shampoo, a hotel can reuse dispensers to limit
waste. Disposable towels and paper products are not reusable and, therefore, are not conducive to recycling
and waste management practices. LED lights are long-lasting and limit waste, so avoiding their use is not a
good waste management practice.
SOURCE: OP:134 Practice safe and sanitary handling/disposal of wastes/recyclables
SOURCE: Lawson, R. (2018, March 29). Effective ways of waste management in the hotel industry and its
importance. Retrieved December 9, 2022, from https://www.hotelonline.com/press_releases/release/effective-ways-of-waste-management-in-the-hotel-industry-andits-importance/
57. A
Symbol. Intellectual property is a type of property owned by an individual or business. The three types of
intellectual properties are trademarks, copyrights, and patents. A trademark is a word, name, symbol, or device
used by a manufacturer or merchant to identify and distinguish its goods from those manufactured and sold by
others. A copyright is the legal protection of books and other artistic works granted by government and giving
their creators sole rights to them for a certain period of years. Musicals and books are both considered
copyrights. A patent is a legal protection of an invention or a process granted by government to its owners for a
certain number of years.
SOURCE: OP:153 Protect company information and intangibles
SOURCE: Murray, J. (2022, January 27). What is intellectual property? Retrieved September 1, 2022, from
https://www.thebalance.com/intellectual-property-patents-trademarks-1201095
58. A
Focus on the details. An invoice is the formal record of a sale that includes all necessary information as to the
buyer, the seller, items purchased, amounts, prices, delivery date, credit or discount terms, etc. When tracking
invoices, it is important to focus on the details. This includes making sure all fields of the invoice are accurate,
complete, and up to date. Rather than running a report twice a year, businesses should run reports regularly.
Using an accounting software can make running reports easier. This makes the process much easier and will
help with meeting payment deadlines. It is important the invoice process is simple and straightforward, rather
than complicated. This will help prevent errors.
SOURCE: OP:184 Track invoices
SOURCE: FreshBooks. (2022, May 19). How to keep track of invoices and payments. A how-to guide.
Retrieved December 14, 2022, from https://www.freshbooks.com/hub/payments/keep-track-ofinvoices-and-payments

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2023 HS ICDC

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

15

59. A
Goods and services. Inputs are the specific economic resources used in producing goods and services, while
outputs are goods and services produced as the result of combining inputs. Essentially, every business takes
inputs and uses them to make outputs. Goods and services are considered outputs. Employees, raw materials,
and equipment are all examples of inputs.
SOURCE: OP:189 Explain the nature of operations
SOURCE: LAP-OP-189—Smooth Operations (Nature of Operations)
60. C
Raw materials. Inventory is all the stock that a business has on hand. Raw materials are items in their natural
state or condition that are used in the manufacturing process to assemble a finished product. Because
cranberries, sugar, and preservatives are in their natural state before they are used to make cranberry juice,
they are considered raw materials. Work-in-process inventory are materials that are waiting to be made into
something else. Work-in-process items have been moved out of the storage area and moved onto the assembly
line for the creation of the finished product. Finished goods are products that have been created and are ready
to be shipped out or directly sold to customers. Buffer inventory is excess inventory items kept on hand to
protect against supply issues.
SOURCE: OP:336 Discuss types of inventory
SOURCE: Magloff, L. (n.d.). Types of inventory for an organization. Retrieved December 14, 2022, from
https://smallbusiness.chron.com/types-inventory-organization-14109.html
61. C
List all of the company's digital assets. One of the very first things Jorge should do is create a list of all of the
company's digital assets. It is important to have a full and complete understanding of all of the company's
assets, which can include its website, social media accounts, client lists, intellectual properties, etc. Having a
complete list of the company's digital assets will allow Jorge to properly protect those assets. Registering for
ownership of digital assets, purchasing a cyber insurance policy, and backing up all digital assets are important
steps Jorge will follow after making a list of the company's digital assets.
SOURCE: OP:517 Comply with strategies for protecting business' digital assets (e.g., website, social media,
email, etc.)
SOURCE: AuditBoard. (2021, June 10). How to protect your digital assets in 2022. Retrieved December 13,
2022, from https://www.auditboard.com/blog/how-to-protect-your-digital-assets
62. C
A leisure traveler. A consumer in the travel and tourism chain of distribution is anyone who uses goods and
services within that industry, such as someone traveling for leisure, business, or to visit family and friends.
Disneyland, Airbnb, and travel agents are all possible members of the travel and tourism chain of distribution,
but they are not considered consumers because they work to provide, rather than use, a given good or service.
SOURCE: OP:522 Explain the nature and scope of distribution
SOURCE: Hotelmize. (2021, August 27). What are the main types of tourism distribution channels? Retrieved
December 9, 2022, from https://www.hotelmize.com/blog/what-are-the-main-types-of-tourismdistribution-channels/

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2023 HS ICDC

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

16

63. C
Gas leak. When there is a gas leak in a building, all employees should evacuate. A gas leak can not only
release toxic fumes, but it is highly flammable and easily ignited by matches, sparks, light switches, etc. Other
times when employees should evacuate a building include a fire or explosion. Tornadoes, hurricanes, and
outdoor chemical spills are all instances where employees should shelter in place rather than evacuate.
SOURCE: OP:527 Identify factors affecting evacuation procedures/protocols
SOURCE: Lawry, C. (2022). 4 key elements to consider for an emergency evacuation plan in the workplace.
Retrieved December 13, 2022, from https://www.swipedon.com/blog/key-elements-emergencyevacuation-plan
64. C
Watch out for phishing. One of the best ways to prevent credit card fraud is to educate yourself about and watch
out for phishing. Phishing is an online identity-theft scam that fools its victims into believing they are submitting
sensitive, personal information (such as credit card numbers or bank passwords) to a legitimate website. Using
smartphone-based payment services (such as Apple Pay or PayPal) make it safer to make purchases in stores.
These apps use a technology called tokenization, which allows you to make a payment without using your
actual credit card information. You should not save your credit card number online because if a data breach
occurs, there is a higher chance that fraud will occur. Rather than using the same password for multiple sites,
you should make unique passwords for each site.
SOURCE: OP:653 Identify credit card fraud prevention methods
SOURCE: Harzog, B. (2021, March 3). The very best ways to prevent credit card fraud. Retrieved December
13, 2022, from https://money.usnews.com/credit-cards/articles/the-very-best-ways-to-prevent-creditcard-fraud
65. C
Securing business records and documents. An identity theft control that a business can implement is to make
sure that business records and documents are secure. All important digital records should be kept in a secure
location, preferably on the cloud rather than in physical storage like a flash drive. Paper records should be
secured in a locked cabinet that can be accessed only by a limited number of people. Physical documents that
are no longer necessary should be shredded. Businesses should regularly check its credit report, not just once
a year. Businesses should consider investing in cybersecurity insurance, as it can help cover financial losses
resulting from a cyberattack. Companies should educate all (not just some) employees about best cybersecurity
practices.
SOURCE: OP:654 Explain the nature of identity theft controls
SOURCE: Rosanes, M. (2022, July 14). Business identity theft – what can US companies do to protect
themselves? Retrieved December 13, 2022, from
https://www.insurancebusinessmag.com/us/news/cyber/business-identity-theft—what-can-uscompanies-do-to-protect-themselves-413160.aspx
66. B
Flush the burn with cool running water. If an employee suffers a minor burn on their hand, they should flush the
burn with cool running water. Rather than icing the burn or running cold water on it—which can damage
tissue—the employee should run cool water on it for at least five minutes. The employee should also take pain
medication, such as ibuprofen or acetaminophen. The employee should not break open any blisters that form.
SOURCE: OP:657 Provide first-aid
SOURCE: Brouhard, R. (2022, August 31). How to administer first aid. Retrieved December 13, 2022, from
https://www.verywellhealth.com/basic-first-aid-procedures-1298578

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2023 HS ICDC

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

17

67. B
It builds stakeholder trust. Ethics can benefit a project in several ways, including by building stakeholder trust.
Stakeholders are the people who are invested in and affected by the project’s success. When projects are
managed ethically, stakeholders will trust the project manager to follow through, demonstrate integrity, and look
out for everyone’s best interest. When stakeholders trust a project manager and team, they will be much more
likely to work with them again. Other benefits of ethics in project management include improving decisionmaking, increasing the chance of success, avoiding legal problems, and reducing stress and anxiety, to name a
few. Legal issues, project failure, and a loss of resources are consequences of unethical project management.
SOURCE: OP:675 Describe the role of ethics in project management
SOURCE: LAP-OP-675—Projects With Principles (Ethics in Project Management)
68. B
Framing. Your decision-making can be influenced by both internal and external factors. A common external
factor that influences decision-making is framing—the way in which one person presents a matter to another
person. Framing can influence the way you look at your decision. Because framing comes from another person
or medium rather than within yourself, it is an external factor. An internal factor comes from within yourself. Your
experience, emotion, comfort with risk, insight or intuition, or even commitment to an outcome are all
considered internal factors that can influence decision-making.
SOURCE: PD:017 Make decisions
SOURCE: LAP-PD-017—Weigh Your Options (Decision-Making)
69. C
Write an original song. A goal is an objective or want that you plan to fulfill—a specific outcome that you intend
to work toward. Goals can vary in scale or degree of size—detail-level, small-scale, large-scale, or grand-scale.
A detail-level goal is a small, short-term goal. A detail-level goal for Dante would be to write an original song.
Recording and releasing a song would be a small-scale goal (a medium-sized, short-term goal). Making a living
as a musical artist would be a large-scale goal (a medium-sized, long-term goal). Releasing multiple best-selling
records would be a grand-scale goal (a big, long-term goal).
SOURCE: PD:018 Set personal goals
SOURCE: LAP-PD-918—Go for the Goal (Goal Setting)
70. C
It creates unnecessary complications for everyone else. A chain of command is the flow of authority within an
organization. Chains of command help employees understand how their organization operates as well as where
they fit within the organizational structure. A consequence for not following the chain of command is that it
creates unnecessary complications for everyone else. Everyone has their own specific responsibilities in a
chain of command, and when someone breaks the chain, complications can quickly begin to affect everyone.
Not following the chain of command does not give you authority and make you look smart. Rather, it reflects
poorly on you and may get you in trouble. Following the chain of command will maintain order within an
organization and help you contribute to the business's productivity.
SOURCE: PD:252 Follow chain of command
SOURCE: LAP-PD-252—Don’t Cheat the Chain (Following Chain of Command)

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2023 HS ICDC

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

18

71. B
Recreation. Recreation, amusements, and attractions employees are in charge of making sure customers have
a great time while visiting parks, recreation areas, and other special attractions. Job titles in the recreation
career area include museum conservator, curator, lifeguard, club manager, and camp director. A museum
conservator would not work in the travel and tourism, food and beverage, or lodging categories within the
hospitality and tourism industry.
SOURCE: PD:272 Explain career opportunities in hospitality and tourism
SOURCE: LAP-PD-272—Career Opportunities in Hospitality and Tourism
72. B
World Tourism Organization (UNWTO). There are many hospitality and tourism organizations across the world.
Some deal with local hospitality and tourism, while others deal with this industry on a much greater scale. The
World Tourism Organization is the United Nations agency responsible for global tourism initiatives and is mostly
likely to impact hospitality and tourism on an international scale. The American Hotel & Lodging Association,
British Hospitality Association, and Florida Restaurant & Lodging Association all handle hospitality and tourism
on a smaller scale.
SOURCE: PD:398 Explain the roles and responsibilities of hospitality and tourism organizations
SOURCE: UNWTO. (n.d.). Responsible, sustainable and universally accessible tourism: About us. Retrieved
December 9, 2022, from https://www.unwto.org/about-us
73. C
Trustworthiness. Trustworthiness means being reliable and deserving of others’ confidence. When Nikolas
completes tasks assigned to him and follows up with guests, he demonstrates trustworthiness because guests
can confidently rely on him to get the job done. While fairness (making judgments without favoritism or selfinterest), honesty (truthfulness), and respect (regard or esteem) are all helpful ethical principles, they are not
demonstrated in this example.
SOURCE: PD:400 Discuss the role of ethics in hospitality and tourism
SOURCE: Best Hospitality Degrees. (2012-2018). What is hospitality ethics? Retrieved February 6, 2023, from
https://www.besthospitalitydegrees.com/faq/what-is-hospitality-ethics/
74. A
Marketing department. Depending on the size of the business, many people may be involved in establishing
prices. In larger companies, an entire department (part of marketing) is usually responsible for setting prices for
the company. The department may use more sophisticated means to determine prices for the company’s
products. It may analyze market research, conduct customer surveys, study competitors’ prices, and analyze
current and past sales records and trends to help with pricing decisions. An accounting specialist, the
president/CEO, and the human resources manager are not responsible for setting prices in a large company. In
a smaller business, the person most often responsible for setting prices is the manager or owner.
SOURCE: PI:001 Explain the nature and scope of the pricing function
SOURCE: LAP-PI-001—The Price Is Right (Nature of Pricing)
75. D
Affecting product positioning. Product/Service management is a specific marketing function, and it plays a
significant role in a business’s overall marketing success. Positioning is a strategy in which a business creates a
certain image or impression of a product in the minds of consumers. The decisions made and strategies formed
during product/service management will determine the product images for your target market. Product/Service
management improves product success, not challenges it. It also gives product images, not removes them.
Product/Service management is not related to employee hierarchy.
SOURCE: PM:001 Explain the nature and scope of the product/service management function
SOURCE: LAP-PM-017—Serving Up Products (Nature of Product/Service Management)

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2023 HS ICDC

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

19

76. D
Distinctive, descriptive, and easy to read. Marketers agree that effective brand names seem to have several
characteristics in common, such as being distinctive, descriptive of the product’s uses and benefits, and easy to
read, pronounce, and remember. Other effective characteristics include being available, appropriate, and
adaptable; however, effective brand names do not need to be multi-syllabic or named after a person, and they
should not be similar to competition.
SOURCE: PM:021 Explain the nature of product/service branding
SOURCE: LAP-PM-021—It’s a Brand, Brand, Brand World! (Nature of Product Branding)
77. A
Same. Bundling is a marketing strategy that involves offering several products for sale as one combined
product. Same product bundling involves offering more than one of the same particular products for sale. Mixed
product bundling offers different types of products for sale. Pure product bundling involves selling products that
can only be bought in a bundle, not separately. Vertical product bundling is a fictitious marketing term.
SOURCE: PM:041 Describe the nature of product bundling
SOURCE: Ivuskane, A. (2022, July 27). Product bundling: Types and examples for online stores. Retrieved
December 7, 2022, from https://scandiweb.com/blog/product-bundling-types-and-examples/
78. D
Fruit parfait. The hospitality and tourism industry has multiple segments, including food and beverage, travel
and tourism, lodging, and recreation. A fruit parfait is a food product that falls under the food and beverage
segment of the hospitality and tourism industry. A mortgage, T-shirt, and tutor are not examples of products
within the hospitality and tourism industry, because they are not related to food and beverage, travel and
tourism, lodging, or recreation.
SOURCE: PM:081 Explain the concept of product in the hospitality and tourism industry
SOURCE: Novak, P. (2017, April 24). What are the 4 segments of the hospitality industry. Retrieved December
9, 2022, from https://www.hospitalitynet.org/opinion/4082318.html
79. B
Product extensions. Product extension involves using a successful, established product to introduce new
products in the same category. Vanilla Coke and Cherry Coke are product extensions of Coke because they are
versions of the original product. Product bundles are combinations of several products for sale as one
composite. Brand cues are simple reminders of the brand’s identity and values. A brand champion is the person
in a business who is responsible for making the brand come alive and for sustaining it.
SOURCE: PM:099 Explain the nature of product extensions in the hospitality and tourism industry
SOURCE: Hirsch, L. (n.d.). What is product extension in marketing? Retrieved December 7, 2022, from
https://smallbusiness.chron.com/product-extension-marketing-65988.html
80. D
They should be shared by everyone in the company. Brand values are the core of what the company believes in
and cares about, so it makes sense that they’re the biggest priority for companies developing their corporate
brands. Successful corporate brands must take them to heart and be sure that everyone in the company—from
the CEO at the top to the retail employees at the bottom—shares those values. When customers know a
corporate brand’s values, it is easier for them to develop relationships with the brand. A brand personality
describes what a brand would be like if it were a person. Store brands and private brands are two types of
distributor brands.
SOURCE: PM:206 Explain the nature of corporate branding
SOURCE: LAP-PM-206—Corporate Identity (Nature of Corporate Branding)

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2023 HS ICDC

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

20

81. B
Analyze business requirements. There are several steps in the vendor-selection process, but the very first thing
that should happen is for a team to analyze and determine the business requirements. These are the reasons
for and what the team hopes to accomplish by selecting a vendor, which will inform all other steps (such as
conducting a vendor search, writing a Request for Proposal (RFP) or Request for Quotation (RFQ), and
developing a contract negotiation strategy).
SOURCE: PM:239 Evaluate vendors' goods and services
SOURCE: Bucki, J. (2019, May 2). How to select the right vendor for your business. Retrieved November 30,
2022, from https://www.liveabout.com/the-successful-vendor-selection-process-2533820
82. D
Competitive advantage. Competitive advantage is the edge achieved by businesses that offer something better
than their competitors. In Alexandra’s case, quality products give her business an edge over the competition.
Return on investment is a financial ratio calculated by dividing net profit by investment. Organizational culture is
the customs, traditions, and habits of employees working together at a particular firm. An ethical dilemma is an
issue in which you must decide whether something is right or wrong.
SOURCE: PM:246 Identify product's/service's competitive advantage
SOURCE: Twin, A. (2022, May 22). Competitive advantage definition with types and examples. Retrieved
November 30, 2022, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/competitive_advantage.asp
83. D
Hotel guarantee. A hotel guarantee is an agreement sometimes provided to guests that promises a room will be
reserved and held until a guest arrives. When Marissa booked a room at a lodge for her anniversary, she
received a hotel guarantee that promised her room would be available even if she arrived late. A liability waiver
is a document that a customer signs to release a company from taking responsibility for the inherent risks
involved in buying a product or participating in an activity. Reimbursement is a refund of money someone has
spent. Bookkeeping is the process of analyzing financial transactions and balancing the books.
SOURCE: PM:314 Explain guarantees in hospitality and tourism
SOURCE: Holmes, T. (2022, November 2). What is a hotel guarantee? Retrieved December 7, 2022, from
https://www.wisetour.com/what-is-a-hotel-guarantee.htm
84. C
A company’s disaster relief efforts. A company’s disaster relief efforts are an example of institutional promotion.
By donating or helping those affected by hurricanes, earthquakes, tornadoes, or other natural disasters, the
company is building or reinforcing a favorable company image, which is one of many uses of institutional
promotion. It can also be used to change a particular attitude toward a firm or its products; inform customers of
the company’s interest in social or environmental issues; inform the public about the company’s future; inform
customers of the company’s name and its type of business; etc. Product promotion is used to persuade
customers to buy a particular good or service. A commercial for Red Bull energy drinks, Tom Hanks promoting
his new film, and a coupon for a Burger King Whopper are all examples of product promotion, not institutional
promotion.
SOURCE: PR:002 Explain the types of promotion (i.e., institutional, product)
SOURCE: LAP-PR-902—Know Your Options (Product and Institutional Promotion)

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2023 HS ICDC

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

21

85. D
Advertisements. The most visible element of the promotional mix is advertising: any paid form of nonpersonal
presentation of ideas, images, goods, or services. Advertising messages can be delivered to consumers
through a variety of mass media, such as TV commercials. On the internet, advertising includes pay-per-click
links and social media posts. Publicity is an identity-building tactic defined as any nonpersonal presentation of
ideas, goods, or services that is not paid for by the company or individual that benefits from or is harmed by it.
Sales promotion includes promotional activities other than advertising, personal selling, and publicity that
stimulate customer purchases, such as visual merchandising and coupons. Sponsorship is a promotional
activity that occurs when an organization provides money or resources to an event, person, or activity in
exchange for affiliation.
SOURCE: PR:003 Identify the elements of the promotional mix
SOURCE: LAP-PR-903—Spread the Word (Nature of the Promotional Mix)
86. C
An experience. Promotion in the hospitality and tourism industry is unique in that it often focuses on a potential
guest experience. For example, a spa might promote a restful, relaxing experience at one of its many locations,
while an adventure retreat might promote the exciting, action-packed experience guests will enjoy at its
secluded site in the mountains. While some businesses in the hospitality and tourism industry might have
promotions featuring families, physical fitness, and/or luxury, those are not general promotional focuses of the
industry.
SOURCE: PR:121 Describe the concept of promotion in the hospitality and tourism industry
SOURCE: Morello, R. (2019, March 5). Tourism promotion and marketing. Retrieved November 30, 2022, from
https://smallbusiness.chron.com/tourism-promotion-marketing-57157.html
87. B
Excellence and value. In the business world, quality often refers to excellence, value, conformance, and
satisfaction. An excellent product is useful and performs its “job” well. When a customer believes that a product
is worth the money they spend on it, they consider the product to be of good value. Conforming to
predetermined specifications is also an aspect of quality. Finally, doing business boils down to satisfying
customer needs. Most customers and businesses consider a product that satisfies customer needs and wants
to be a quality product. While excitement and skills are positive attributes in the business world, they are not
typically associated with quality.
SOURCE: QM:001 Explain the nature of quality management
SOURCE: LAP-QM-001— Keep It Quality (Nature of Quality Management)
88. D
Avoidance. Avoidance is a risk-response strategy that involves choosing not to do something that is considered
risky. In other words, avoidance is a risk control method that seeks to eliminate a hazard and its associated risk.
Because all other risk control methods—such as separation, loss prevention, and duplication—seek to mitigate
but ultimately accept some level of risk, avoidance is generally considered to be the best risk control strategy.
SOURCE: RM:058 Discuss the nature of risk control (i.e., internal and external)
SOURCE: Kenton, W. (2021, January 31). Risk control: What it is, how it works, example. Retrieved November
30, 2022, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/r/risk-control.asp

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2023 HS ICDC

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

22

89. D
It relies heavily on management estimates and inputs. Enterprise risk management (ERM) is an organizationwide, top-down strategy that is used to identify, assess, and prepare for potential losses, dangers, or hazards
with a company's finances, operations, and objectives. A common disadvantage of ERM is that it relies heavily
on management estimates and inputs. Oftentimes, it is very difficult, and sometimes impossible, to accurately
predict risk. For example, there is a very low chance a company was able to forecast the occurrence of the
COVID-19 pandemic and the impact of business closures and changes in consumer spending. Three
advantages of ERM are that it can lead to fewer unexpected risks, eliminate redundant processes, and cause
greater employee satisfaction (not dissatisfaction).
SOURCE: RM:062 Discuss the nature of enterprise risk management (ERM)
SOURCE: Hayes, A. (2022, September 7). Enterprise risk management (ERM): What is it and how it works.
Retrieved February 6, 2023, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/e/enterprise-riskmanagement.asp#toc-advantages-and-disadvantages-of-enterprise-risk-management
90. A
Intermediaries. Also known as middlemen, intermediaries are channel members operating between the
producer and the consumer or industrial user to help in the movement of goods and services. Many goods and
services are sold indirectly to the consumer or user through the use of intermediaries, such as wholesalers and
retailers. Producers are people who make or provide goods and services. Consumers are people who use
goods and services to satisfy their wants. Industrial users are businesses that buy materials, services, or goods
that will be used to make other goods or used in the operation of the company.
SOURCE: SE:017 Explain the nature and scope of the selling function
SOURCE: LAP-SE-017—Sell Away (The Nature and Scope of Selling)
91. A
Suggestion selling. A good sales representative uses various techniques to follow up the sale. These
techniques include suggestion selling—a sales technique in which the salesperson attempts to increase the
customer's purchase by recommending additional items after the original decision to buy has been made.
Follow-up is the determination of a customer's satisfaction with a good or service after a sales presentation
regardless of whether a sale was made. An objection is a question or concern raised by customers after they
have been shown a product. A product demonstration involves actions of the salesperson in the sales
presentation that show the product’s features and benefits.
SOURCE: SE:048 Explain the selling process
SOURCE: LAP-SE-048—Set Your Sales (The Selling Process)
92. D
Know their customers and what is important to them. When acquiring product information, salespeople will want
to keep their eyes open for the data that are most relevant to their target customers. This helps keep the
information as relevant and helpful as possible in sales presentations. Salespeople should prepare to consult
multiple sources of information, not just industry experts. Salespeople should be as prepared as possible with
product information, but they should never pretend to know the answer to a customer question if they really
don’t.
SOURCE: SE:062 Acquire product information for use in selling
SOURCE: LAP-SE-062—Get Informed (Acquiring Product Information for Use in Selling)

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2023 HS ICDC

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

23

93. A
Keep in touch. Good salespeople recognize that keeping in contact with clients is one of the best ways to
maintain their partnerships. In some cases, this just takes a simple follow-up phone call. A thank-you card in the
mail can also go a long way to separate you from the competition. The important thing is to let your clients know
they matter to you and that you appreciate their business. Soliciting feedback, being prompt, and having a good
attitude are all important customer services strategies, but they are not demonstrated in this example.
SOURCE: SE:076 Explain the role of customer service as a component of selling relationships
SOURCE: LAP-SE-076—Go Beyond the Sale (Customer Service in Selling)
94. C
Location. People choose a hospitality and tourism site—such as a hotel—for many reasons, including location
(geographic place), value (price), and reputation (good name/character). Because Prashanth selected a hotel
due to its proximity to the wedding venue (i.e., its geographic place), he made a decision based on location.
This scenario is not an example of selecting a site based on value, reputation, or reliability.
SOURCE: SE:220 Explain factors that motivate people to choose a hospitality and tourism site
SOURCE: HMG Hospitality. (2017, June 22). Understand how people choose hotels. Retrieved November 29,
2022, from https://hmghospitality.com/understand-four-reasons-people-choose-hotels-revenue-willskyrocket/
95. A
A discount. A discount is a deduction from the price of goods. Many customers receive discounts when using
coupons during a sales transaction, as was the case with the customer Joshua was helping. Price fixing is an
illegal business agreement in which businesses agree on prices of their goods or services, resulting in little
choice for the customer. A yield percentage is an annual dividend divided by the current stock price. Zoning is
the practice by some newspapers of printing special editions that are targeted to specific areas, or zones, within
the circulation area.
SOURCE: SE:329 Process sales transactions (e.g., cash, credit, check)
SOURCE: AccountingTools. (2022, June 9). Accounting for sales discounts. Retrieved November 29, 2022,
from https://www.accountingtools.com/articles/what-is-the-accounting-for-sales-discounts.html
96. D
Information published by a trade organization. Secondary market information is collected through secondary
research. Secondary research is research that has already been gathered, compiled, and published by others.
In the hospitality and tourism industry, businesses such as hotels, tourist destinations, restaurants, etc., may
receive secondary market information from information or studies published by a trade organization, a research
association, or a government agency. Data collected through the use of surveys, questionnaires, interviews,
and focus groups are all examples of primary research—research that is conducted by a company and tailored
to its particular needs.
SOURCE: NF:281 Explain sources of secondary hospitality and tourism information
SOURCE: The Hartford. (2022). Types of market research: Primary vs secondary. Retrieved December 13,
2022, from https://www.thehartford.com/business-insurance/strategy/market-research/primarysecond-research

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

2023 HS ICDC

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

24

97. D
Special order. A special order is a request made by a customer for a good or service not usually handled by a
business. Because Prem requested a good from a company that does not typically make that product, she
requested a special order. An implied warranty is an unwritten, unspoken warranty understood by the customer
and the seller that the product will perform as expected. A dummy invoice is a blank form on which the contents
of a shipment are listed by receiving workers. Payroll is the sum of money paid to employees in a given period.
SOURCE: SE:478 Process special orders in hospitality and tourism
SOURCE: AccountingTools. (2022, May 10). Special order definition. Retrieved November 29, 2022, from
https://www.accountingtools.com/articles/special-order
98. D
Available. An important part of establishing relationships with hospitality and tourism guests is being available
when you are needed. While guests appreciate being given space, they also like being able to approach
employees with service requests as needed. Gerard’s choice to be available when guests need him will help
him deliver good customer service. Being confident and enthusiastic are helpful customer service qualities, but
they don’t relate to being accessible for service requests. Being argumentative is not a good customer service
quality.
SOURCE: SE:499 Establish relationship with hospitality and tourism customer/guest
SOURCE: StayNTouch. (2021, November 24). How to build stronger relationships with hotel guests, during &
after their stay. Retrieved November 30, 2022, from https://www.stayntouch.com/blog/how-to-buildstronger-relationships-with-your-guests-during-and-after-the-guest-stay/
99. A
Matrix. A matrix organizational structure combines divisional and functional organizational structures. Within a
matrix structure, employees answer to two different managers or department heads, rather than one. Ronnie
reports to both the director of the Northwest region and the creative director. There is no indication that the
organizational structure of Ronnie’s company is dysfunctional.
SOURCE: SM:064 Explain managerial considerations in organizing
SOURCE: LAP-SM-064—Put It All Together (Managerial Considerations in Organizing)
100. D
It helps employees coordinate their work. Directing is a management function that brings many benefits to
organizations. One is that managers direct employees so that their work and effort is coordinated. Without
direction, employees tend to work in isolation, leading to duplication of tasks and less efficiency. Directing does
not necessarily ensure that everyone knows what their role is; this benefit is more directly related to organizing.
Directing does not necessarily determine company goals; this benefit is more directly related to the planning
function. Finally, directing does not necessarily allow managers to check progress; this benefit is more closely
associated with the controlling function.
SOURCE: SM:066 Discuss managerial considerations in directing
SOURCE: LAP-SM-066—Take Action (Managerial Considerations in Directing)

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

