1. Samantha agrees to buy a bicycle from Tony for $225. This is an example of a(n)
A. renegotiated agreement.
B. bilateral contract.
C. nonverbal agreement.
D. unilateral contract.

2. A department store that behaves below a standard of reasonable care and causes harm to an employee or customer as a result may be sued for
A. assault and battery.
B. negligence.
C. strict liability.
D. invasion of privacy.

3. In which of the following situations would a hotel be liable for guest property:
A. Something is missing from the safe in a guest's room
B. Something is missing from a safe deposit box
C. Something is missing from the guest's room
D. Something is missing from a meeting room

4. Isabella's manager sends an email requesting that Isabella contact a customer about an issue with an order. This is an example of __________ communication.
A. lateral
B. upward
C. downward
D. horizontal

5. Lin is giving a prepared presentation about the health benefits of following a balanced diet. What type of presentation is she most likely to be giving?
A. Entertaining
B. Persuasive
C. Impromptu
D. Informative

6. Sarah is speaking to a customer who is decisive, forceful, and in a hurry. Sarah should
A. get to the point of her communication quickly.
B. give the customer time to talk about themselves.
C. discuss detailed statistics and information.
D. take time to develop a relationship with the customer.

7. In which of the following documents is it most appropriate to include an executive summary:
A. Manuscript outline
B. Complex research report
C. Six-page case study
D. Employee handbook

8. A salesperson is having to take a very active role to complete a sale in a reasonable length of time. With what type of difficult customer is the salesperson working?
A. Dishonest
B. Disagreeable
C. Suspicious
D. Slow/Methodical

9. An organization's structure should ensure that customers' experiences with the business are
A. time-consuming.
B. profitable.
C. seamless.
D. endless.

10. Successful hospitality businesses often hire temporary staff during
A. touchpoints.
B. critical moments.
C. peak seasons.
D. residence times.

11. Why should hotels train their staff on using guest recovery solutions?
A. To empower staff members to resolve customer service complaints
B. So they can inform unhappy customers of the hotel's policies
C. So they understand that recovery solutions are required by law
D. To reduce a hotel's legal obligations to unsatisfied customers

12. A diner is dissatisfied with the way their medium-rare steak was prepared. What is the first step the waiter should take to resolve the situation?
A. Ask the kitchen to prepare a steak that is medium-rare
B. Tell the customer that the steak was properly prepared
C. Offer to remove the charge for the meal from the check
D. Listen to the diner's concerns to determine a resolution

13. Which of the following is a true statement regarding the relationship between customer service and the hospitality and tourism industry:
A. Greater customer satisfaction leads to lower revenue.
B. Customer service is important, but less so than price.
C. Business success or failure depends on customer service.
D. Customer service cannot be taught through training.

14. Vinny was pleased with his hotel room because it looked exactly like the pictures he saw online. This example best represents which factor that leads to positive customer experiences?
A. Honesty
B. Efficiency
C. Empathy
D. Respect

15. Which of the following is a way to anticipate customer needs without asking:
A. Get to know customers
B. Focus on selling products
C. Offer online chat support
D. Plan customer service efforts

16. Which of the following is a positive moment of truth:
A. A customer finds chocolates on their hotel room pillows after checking in.
B. A sales representative exceeds their sales quota for the year as a new hire.
C. A business announces to its shareholders that it has doubled its annual profit.
D. A manufacturer develops a new product model in less time than the original.

17. John only had $40 to spend and couldn't decide whether to buy a new pair of jeans or to go to an amusement park. He finally decided to spend his money on the amusement park. What was the opportunity cost of his decision?
A. $40
B. Trip to amusement park
C. No opportunity cost was involved.
D. New pair of jeans

18. Combining steel, glass, and other raw materials into a vehicle is an example of __________ utility.
A. possession
B. place
C. form
D. time

19. Which of the following economic principles determines what will be produced and how much of it will be produced:
A. Producers and consumers
B. Law of supply and demand
C. Equilibrium price
D. Market price

20. A manager allowing employees to set the pace of their work is an example of providing job
A. enlargement.
B. satisfaction.
C. rotation.
D. enrichment.

21. Caroline manages a large group of highly skilled researchers at a corporation. Caroline is most likely to have a(n) __________ span of control.
A. narrow
B. intensive
C. wide
D. extensive

22. During an economic recession, a destination's hotels are more likely to experience
A. higher labor costs.
B. lower unemployment rates.
C. lower occupancy rates.
D. higher property taxes.

23. Which of the following statements represents a positive attitude toward criticism:
A. "If I need help, I'll come ask for it."
B. "I'm sure I can learn to do this the new way."
C. "This is the way I was told to do it."
D. "I don't need to be told how to do my job."

24. Even when things are not going well for Mark, he still believes everything will work out all right. Mark has a(n) __________ attitude.
A. superior
B. negative
C. positive
D. indifferent

25. Just before closing time, a rush of customers comes in to be served, but you have plans to meet friends after work. As a responsible employee, you should
A. leave as planned.
B. stay until the rush ends.
C. say there is an emergency.
D. expect others to stay late.

26. Which of the following is a factor that might prevent businesspeople from developing cultural sensitivity:
A. Ethics
B. Demographics
C. Principles
D. Stereotypes

27. People who value and appreciate the differences in others usually
A. avoid each other.
B. argue about politics.
C. live in the same area.
D. work well together.

28. Which of the following is the first step in the coaching process:
A. Agree on goals
B. Identify the problem
C. Ask questions
D. Plan for improvement

29. Hannah doesn’t lie to her boss because she thinks about the long-term repercussions of her actions. Hannah is thinking about
A. peer pressure.
B. greed.
C. respect.
D. viability.

30. Which of the following is a characteristic of open, honest communication:
A. It only needs to occur once.
B. It encourages questions and suggestions.
C. It gives more information than people need.
D. It discourages conflict between people.

31. A business borrowed $4,000 from the Fifth National Bank. The business owns $7,000 worth of inventory and still has $24,000 of its original initial investment in the business. What is the liability of the business?
A. $4,000
B. $35,000
C. $7,000
D. $24,000

32. The three sections of a balance sheet represent the basic
A. investment plan.
B. bookkeeping system.
C. financial quota.
D. accounting equation.

33. The "Let's Go Nuts" coffee shop brings in $68,000 in sales during the year. Its cost of goods sold totals $42,000, and its operating expenses are $27,000 for the same year. What is the net income or net loss for the coffee shop?
A. $1,000 net loss
B. $41,000 net loss
C. $1,000 net income
D. $26,000 net income

34. A master budget is made up of information from
A. the previous year's budget, with a 10% increase.
B. specialized budgets that are generated by individual departments.
C. internal sales forecasts and the probable level of competition.
D. specialized budgets that are handed down from top management.

35. What is an example of a job title in corporate finance?
A. Product manager
B. Accountant
C. Credit analyst
D. Salesperson

36. When reconciling cash receipts for the day, how are voided and refunded transactions usually handled?
A. Since they are not included in the total receipts, they are ignored.
B. They are added to the total receipts to determine net intake.
C. They are subtracted from the total receipts to determine net intake.
D. They are only subtracted from the total receipts if there is a cash shortage.

37. The current price of Sun Valley Corporation stock is $25 per share. The company has one million outstanding shares. On its latest cash flow statement, the corporation reported cash flows from operating activities of $15 million. Calculate the corporation's price-to-cash flow ratio.
A. 3.21
B. 1.67
C. 5.48
D. 2.34

38. Employees at Winding Brook Resorts have not received raises in three years, but the CEO has received a large bonus each of those years. What can these employees do to advocate for raises?
A. File a lawsuit
B. Go on strike
C. Obtain workers' compensation
D. Quit their jobs

39. Seth recently informed his manager, Tammy, that he is leaving the company. During her last meeting with Seth, Tammy took detailed notes and asked Seth questions about the problems that Seth had encountered on the job and how he handled them. Seth shared important information that his replacement will need to know so they can do the job efficiently. What technique is Tammy using to capture knowledge for future use in the organization?
A. Data codification
B. Exit interview
C. Training session
D. Concept mapping

40. Which of the following is an example of service marketing that could benefit the FreshFast Grocery store:
A. Airing a TV advertisement that features the manager's family
B. Selling all cereal and grain products at 50% off for one week
C. Offering a play area for children while their parents shop
D. Partnering with an organic farm to improve the quality of produce

41. Which of the following factors has the greatest effect on a consumer's buying behavior:
A. Social influences
B. Situational influences
C. Individual influences
D. Cultural influences

42. When a lodging property develops a weekend package for groups of women who enjoy scrapbooking, it is segmenting the market by
A. geography and lifestyle.
B. life cycle and geography.
C. lifestyle and gender.
D. gender and life cycle.

43. When writing email messages, employees should remember that emails
A. are private conversations.
B. can be forwarded to others.
C. take a long time to prepare.
D. are formal correspondence.

44. Which of the following is a way that businesses often use database software programs:
A. To diagram work schedules
B. To organize vendor information
C. To calculate weekly payroll
D. To prepare promotional material

45. Ken is developing a web page for a new bed-and-breakfast inn. He wants to add information on the web page that describes local tourist attractions and restaurants. To allow website visitors the ability to visit these other websites from the bed-and breakfast inn's website, Ken should create
A. a site map.
B. hyperlinks.
C. portals.
D. cookies.

46. Hospitality businesses are developing strategies to accommodate niche markets. Skydivers are an example of a group in a growing segment called the __________ market.
A. adventure
B. environmental
C. agritourism
D. geotourism

47. The capability of many customers to bypass travel agents when booking trips is one way that the travel and tourism industry has been impacted by
A. deregulation.
B. information.
C. technology.
D. commercialization.

48. What portable device can businesspeople use to store electronic documents so they can later retrieve them from other computers?
A. Portable charger
B. Computer battery
C. Audio recorder
D. Flash drive

49. One way in which many lodging facilities automate their product offerings is by
A. offering valet parking services.
B. implementing self-service check-in options.
C. encouraging guests to order room service.
D. requiring guests to pay for internet service.

50. Using its customer database, an airline determines that out of all of the customers that flew with the airline last year, 31% of them were leisure travelers. In relation to the entire group of customers, the group of leisure travelers represents a
A. sample.
B. framework.
C. subset.
D. consensus.
51. Which of the following is a primary benefit of using big data and analytical tracking tools for hotels and other hospitality companies:
A. The ability to better understand customer behavior
B. The chance to outperform competing hotels
C. The opportunity to enhance the company's image
D. The option to sell more expensive hotel rooms

52. A cafe manager tracks the mean number of customers at hourly intervals throughout the week. What can they interpret from this statistic?
A. What time they need to staff more employees
B. Which products are the most profitable
C. How customer satisfaction relates to time
D. Which employees are the most successful

53. Open Road Bus Tours uses analytical tracking tools specifically to study how effective its advertisements are. The bus tour company then uses this information to improve its promotional efforts and reach more customers. What type of data does Open Road collect with these tracking tools?
A. Primary
B. Secondary
C. Nonspecific
D. Outlying

54. Many hotel chains offer special perks and benefits to guests who join their loyalty programs. In exchange for these special deals and discounts, customers agree to let the hotels collect their contact information and track their
A. employment history and monthly income.
B. purchasing behavior and preferences.
C. preferred distribution channels.
D. feasibility study results.

55. Riley is a 28-year-old young professional who enjoys experiencing new cultures. Instead of traveling with family or friends, she prefers to make solo trips. Traveling alone allows her to truly enjoy her experience without the distraction of others. The growing popularity of solo travel is a(n) __________ impacting the hospitality and tourism industry.
A. technological change
B. economic trend
C. regulatory shift
D. guest trend

56. The Great Luxury Inn is having budgetary issues that are negatively impacting the hotel. As a result, Leo, the hotel's front office manager, needs to prepare a short report for the general manager that outlines these budgetary issues. Which of the following should Leo do first when writing the report:
A. Explain a formal plan to correct the issues
B. Describe the purpose of the report
C. Proofread and edit the report
D. Write the conclusion for the report

57. Star Resorts and Spas recently revamped its smartphone app to include virtual tours of hotel rooms, new loyalty program features, and the ability for customers to check in and check out using their phones. The company knows that today's tourists are more connected than ever, and it hopes that the new app will enhance the visitor experience at its locations. Star Resorts and Spas is using __________ to better meet customer needs.
A. changing travel habits
B. social media influencers
C. customer feedback
D. mobile technology

58. Which of the following is one of the most important skills for a project manager to possess:
A. Strength
B. Leadership
C. Education
D. Integrity

59. Which of the following is an example of employee pilferage:
A. Installing personally owned software on your workplace computer
B. Changing the amount specified on a check you prepare for the company with authorization
C. Padding an expense account
D. Hacking into a competitor's computer network to obtain trade secrets

60. Simon, an employee at a movie theater, never takes popcorn or snacks from behind the counter unless he pays for them. He knows that the theater would run into trouble if the employees routinely took food without paying for it. Simon's behavior is an example of how employees can
A. contribute to expense control.
B. be punished for breaking the rules.
C. increase expenses for the company.
D. act as salespeople for the company.

61. A hotel can prevent unauthorized visitors from accessing the property by
A. providing vendors with electronic key cards.
B. instituting a lockout for specific guests.
C. changing traditional room locks every week.
D. locking particular doors after certain hours.

62. While an adventure tour guide is leading a white-water rafting group, a group member falls and breaks an ankle. What are the primary provisions the guide needs to help the injured group member?
A. Medical kit and cell phone
B. Toolbox and flashlight
C. Pain and allergy medication
D. Map and compass

63. An advantage to businesses of using quality control methods is that these methods often
A. increase waste.
B. reduce costs.
C. involve time.
D. require directions.

64. It is important for a business to track the invoices that it issues and receives because they
A. are a form of legal tender.
B. serve as registration slips.
C. are legal documents.
D. serve as proof of delivery.

65. When a handbag company embroiders a customer's name or monogram on a cloth tote bag, it is processing a(n)
A. open requisition.
B. reorder.
C. special order.
D. blanket requisition.

66. Which of the following are examples of inventory that consists of finished goods:
A. Automobiles, coal, and graphite
B. Computers, tape, and soap
C. Glassware, minerals, and magazines
D. Hardware, bleach, and crude oil

67. One way to prevent breaches of digital customer data is to
A. collect as little data as possible.
B. store data indefinitely.
C. share data with all employees.
D. report data security issues.

68. SunRise Inn hotel rooms can be reserved directly through the inn's website, through an in-person travel agency, or through online travel booking websites such as Expedia. This allows the hotel to reach the maximum number of customers. The company website, in-person travel agencies, and online booking engines are examples of
A. public relations.
B. quality control methods.
C. customer relations.
D. distribution channels.

69. Most hotels now offer guests the option to reuse their bath towels instead of receiving new ones each morning. This is an example of how the hospitality industry has embraced
A. recycling and waste reduction.
B. the elimination of toxins in bath products.
C. water and energy conservation.
D. organic cleaning products in guest rooms.

70. If project managers are open and honest in their communications, they are being ethical in regard to
A. scope management.
B. stakeholder management.
C. the project's budget.
D. the project's quality.

71. Which of the following is an important benefit of setting goals:
A. Increases your chances of success in life
B. Eliminates restrictive behavior guidelines
C. Makes other people happy
D. Simplifies your life

72. What should be included in the conclusion of a letter of application?
A. Praise for the recipient
B. Information about your background
C. A method for following up
D. Discussion about your qualifications

73. Which of the following is an example of personal information that should be included in a resume:
A. Year of graduation
B. Rate of pay
C. Name(s) of parent(s) or guardian(s)
D. Phone number

74. Entrepreneurs who are aware of their personal strengths and weaknesses increase their chances of
A. outsourcing.
B. empathy.
C. productivity.
D. success.

75. Which of the following historical events had a large impact on the development of the hospitality and tourism industry during the 1950s:
A. The establishment of the first hotel
B. The growth of suburbs
C. The space race began
D. The introduction of trans-Atlantic flights

76. What is the typical effect of an economic slowdown on the hospitality industry?
A. An increase in the number of guests and an increase in the number of rooms available
B. A decrease in the number of guests and a decrease in the number of rooms available
C. A decrease in the number of guests and an increase in the number of rooms available
D. An increase in the number of guests and a decrease in the number of rooms available

77. Job titles like resort scheduler, curator, and camp director fall under which category of hospitality and tourism careers?
A. Restaurants and food/beverage services
B. Lodging
C. Recreation, amusements, and attractions
D. Travel and tourism

78. To set prices, businesses must price the physical product and all of its associated
A. value.
B. features.
C. physical characteristics.
D. services.

79. Why should existing products be monitored?
A. To put a marketing plan in place
B. To make changes to extend a product's life cycle
C. To determine the acceptance of a product by a limited market
D. To evaluate how well a product might fit into a firm's product mix

80. A technology company that offers its products in many different colors and at several different price points likely has a __________ product mix.
A. shallow
B. narrow
C. deep
D. broad

81. Which of the following is the most appropriate item to bundle with a bottle of shampoo:
A. Bottle of hand lotion
B. Bottle of conditioner
C. Tube of toothpaste
D. Bar of soap

82. Which of the following examples illustrates the concept of product in the hospitality industry:
A. A resort promoting that it treats guests like family
B. A cruise ship providing a list of rental car agencies located at ports of call
C. A conference center making reservations at other properties
D. A bed-and-breakfast advertising private baths and a fireplace in each room

83. Which of the following is an important consideration when developing product extensions in the travel and tourism industry:
A. Complexity of the purchasing process
B. Attitudes of industry employees
C. Needs of the target market
D. Cost of advertising new ideas

84. Which of the following is part of a company's brand identity:
A. Personality
B. Values
C. Promises
D. Design

85. The Queen Mary is a retired ocean liner that transported passengers between England and the United States from the 1930s through the mid-1960s. For a brief time during World War II, the military retrofitted the ship to use as a troopship. In 1967, the ship moved to Long Beach, California, and now serves as a stationary "floating" hotel and event venue that reflects the decor of days gone by. Based on the information provided, what is the Queen Mary's competitive advantage?
A. Its customer service efforts
B. Its tropical excursion options
C. Its unique historical attributes
D. Its gaming and entertainment attractions

86. Effective promotional communication is
A. persuasive.
B. non-repetitive.
C. inappropriate.
D. irrelevant.

87. Competing businesses within the same industry usually react to each other's promotional mixes by
A. changing distribution channels.
B. playing follow the leader.
C. trying not to outdo each other.
D. reducing their promotional budgets.

88. Which of the following is a promotional method that a cruise line might use to generate widespread interest in a new cruise to an exotic location:
A. Coupons
B. Sweepstakes
C. Rebates
D. Premiums

89. Which of the following is a potential benefit of implementing quality management:
A. Lower taxes
B. Increased costs
C. Unchanging organizational vision
D. Increased consistency

90. Which of the following types of risk is generally uninsurable:
A. Employee health
B. Customer injury
C. Property damage
D. Business failure

91. Carlos tries to respond personally to his customers' needs and wants by using communication to influence their purchase decisions. Carlos is engaged in
A. distributing.
B. selling.
C. financing.
D. advertising.

92. Using a step-by-step selling process helps salespeople remain organized, gaining customer
A. confidence.
B. referrals.
C. admiration.
D. praise.

93. One way that salespeople can obtain selling information from company promotional materials is to __________ the materials.
A. buy
B. write
C. copy
D. read

94. Between the hours of 4:00 p.m. and 6:00 p.m., Barney's Restaurant offers a 15% discount off dinner entrees. Calculate a customer's discount amount for a check that consists of one crab cake appetizer at $7.25; two steak dinners at $22.50 each; one shrimp dinner at $18.50; two soft drinks at $1.75 each; one cup of coffee at $1.25; and two ice-cream sundaes at $4.75 each.
A. $10.55
B. $8.77
C. $9.53
D. $11.21

95. Melissa's family goes to the same remote beach destination every year for one week. All of the family members enjoy the quiet, relaxing atmosphere that the location offers. In this situation, the motive to travel to this location is
A. adventure.
B. price.
C. comfort.
D. prestige.

96. When processing a room reservation by phone, the hotel reservationist should provide the guest with a(n)
A. confirmation number at the end of the call.
B. daily transaction code at the beginning of the call.
C. policy reference number at the end of the call.
D. arrival identification code at the beginning of the call.

97. Kaylee is the event coordinator for the Houghton Hotel. She is placing an order for unique table centerpieces with a vendor on behalf of a client who is holding a wedding reception at the hotel. What type of order is Kaylee placing?
A. Standing
B. Open
C. Blanket
D. Special

98. When processing sales transactions for gift cards, it is important for cashiers to
A. collect cash payments.
B. obtain the customers' telephone numbers.
C. activate the gift cards for use.
D. sign the sales receipts.

99. In management, a primary organizing activity is
A. assigning responsibility.
B. controlling external conditions.
C. hiring talented workers.
D. evaluating job performance.

100. Motivation can best be thought of as
A. the example managers set for employees.
B. communication between employees.
C. the reason you do the things you do.
D. developing a team spirit.

/////

1. B
Bilateral contract. In bilateral contracts, both parties promise to do something. In the example, Samantha
promises to pay $225 to Tony. In exchange, Tony promises to give Samantha the bike. Unilateral contracts are
contracts that involve promises made by one party. For example, a pet owner offers to pay a reward for a lost
animal. In this situation, the pet owner is the only party making a promise. There is not enough information to
determine if Samantha and Tony made a verbal or nonverbal agreement or if they renegotiated terms.
SOURCE: BL:002 Describe the nature of legally binding contracts
SOURCE: Hayes, A. (2021, May 2). Bilateral contract. Retrieved October 6, 2022, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/b/bilateral-contract.asp
2. B
Negligence. Negligence is conduct by an individual or organization that drops below a reasonable standard of
care that causes harm to a person or group of people. For example, if a department store janitor failed to put
out "wet floor" signs after mopping the floors and a customer fell and was seriously injured, the store may be
sued for the tort of negligence. Strict liability is a tort in which a person or entity causes harm to another person
or entity as a result of engaging in an inherently dangerous activity—regardless of whether the activity was
intended to harm or not. Assault and battery are torts involving intentional intimidation and physical harm of
another person. Invasion of privacy, as described by its name, involves the invasion of someone's privacy by
using their likeness without their permission, intruding on their physical solitude, or disclosing their private
information to others without their consent.
SOURCE: BL:069 Identify the basic torts relating to business enterprises
SOURCE: Laws. (2020, September 12). A brief overview of tort law. Retrieved October 6, 2022, from
https://tort.laws.com/tort-law
3. B
Something is missing from a safe deposit box. When hotel guests protect their valuables by putting them into a
safe deposit box, they have the right to hold the hotel liable if something is missing from the box. The hotel has
custody of the valuables. In the other alternatives, the hotel does not have custody of the missing items.
Therefore, the hotel cannot be held liable.
SOURCE: BL:135 Describe the rights of customers in the hospitality and tourism industry
SOURCE: US Legal, Inc. (2022). Liability for damage or loss to guest property. Retrieved October 6, 2022, from
https://hotels.uslegal.com/liability-for-damage-or-loss-to-guest-property
4. C
Downward. Downward communication passes information down the chain of command to employees. Because
the manager sends the message to a subordinate (Isabella), the example consists of downward
communication. Upward communication moves up the chain of command from lower to higher levels of
authority. Horizontal or lateral communication involves communication among peers within the same level of
authority in the organization.
SOURCE: CO:014 Explain the nature of staff communication
SOURCE: Rawes, E.M. (2019, May 8). Types of communication in the workplace. Retrieved October 6, 2022,
from https://bizfluent.com/info-7742528-types-communication-workplace.html
5. D
Informative. Since Lin is providing information about the health benefits of following a balanced diet, the
presentation is an informative one. There's no indication that Lin is trying to persuade or entertain the audience.
Since Lin prepared her presentation in advance, it is not likely to be an impromptu one, given on the spur of the
moment without advanced preparation.
SOURCE: CO:025 Make oral presentations
SOURCE: LAP-CO-025—Well Said! (Making Oral Presentations)

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1272

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

2

6. A
Get to the point of her communication quickly. Decisive, forceful individuals are typically very goal-oriented and
interested in results. They usually don't like to waste time, so Sarah should get to the point of her
communication quickly, especially since the customer is in a hurry. The customer is not likely to want to take
time to talk about themselves, discuss detailed statistics and information, or develop a relationship with Sarah.
SOURCE: CO:084 Employ communication styles appropriate to target audience
SOURCE: Eigen, D. (n.d.). What impact do communication styles have on customer service? Retrieved
October 6, 2022, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/impact-communication-styles-customerservice-49587.html
7. B
Complex research report. The executive summary provides an overview of the entire document and contains
the most important information included in the body of the report. Executive summaries are often included in
long, complex reports that contain a lot of information. By reading the executive summary, the reader can
determine which section of a long report that they want to read in more detail. A six-page case study, an
employee handbook, and a manuscript outline do not require an executive summary.
SOURCE: CO:091 Write executive summaries
SOURCE: Bird, B. (2018, October 25). How to write an executive summary. Retrieved October 6, 2022, from
https://bizfluent.com/how-16566-write-executive-summary.html
8. D
Slow/Methodical. Slow/Methodical customers may need more action on the salesperson's part to close within a
reasonable period of time. Dishonest customers should be watched for signs of dishonest behavior.
Disagreeable customers are often surprised and calmed by salespeople who are composed, courteous, and
efficient. Suspicious clients will often be your customer for life if you can gain their confidence and trust.
SOURCE: CR:009 Handle difficult customers
SOURCE: LAP-CR-009—Making Mad Glad (Handling Difficult Customers)
9. C
Seamless. An organization's structure should ensure that customers' experiences with the business are
seamless. This can sometimes be difficult because different departments may have different methods of
reaching business goals. Departments must work together to keep CRM a priority. Businesses want customer
experiences to result in profit, but organizational structure does not necessarily ensure this. Businesses do not
want customers' experiences to be endless or time-consuming.
SOURCE: CR:016 Discuss the nature of customer relationship management
SOURCE: LAP-CR-016—Know When to Hold 'Em (Nature of Customer Relationship Management)
10. C
Peak seasons. Peak seasons see the highest volume of customer demand, so managers often hire temporary
staff during those seasons to make sure year-round staff isn't overwhelmed. Touchpoints include interactions
between businesses and customers or potential customers. A critical moment occurs when customer
experience is more significant than at other times. Residence time is the amount of time a customer will spend
in a restaurant from start to finish.
SOURCE: CR:038 Identify strategies to manage customer experience during peaks in demand
SOURCE: Reynolds, J.S., & Chase, D.M. (2014). Hospitality services (3rd ed.) [p. 46]. Tinley Park, IL:
Goodheart-Willcox.

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1272

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

3

11. A
To empower staff members to resolve customer service complaints. When hotels train their staff members on
using guest recovery solutions, it gives them the confidence and the tools to resolve customer complaints
effectively. The purpose of guest recovery is to resolve any dissatisfaction so that guests come back for another
visit. Guest recovery solutions are actions taken to satisfy guests' needs and requests to increase customer
loyalty. When customers are unhappy, explaining hotel policies is not likely to appease them. The use of guest
recovery solutions is not typically related to a hotel's legal obligations and does not reduce them. A hotel's legal
obligations relate to protecting a guest's privacy and safety and to fulfilling the contractual obligations of a
guest's reservations.
SOURCE: CR:045 Explain the nature of guest recovery
SOURCE: Schim, J. (2015, February 1). Guest recovery. Retrieved October 6, 2022, from
https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/guest-recovery-jeffrey-schim
12. D
Listen to the diner's concerns to determine a resolution. It's crucial for a waiter to respectfully listen to an
unsatisfied diner to show concern and to determine the true cause of dissatisfaction. Explaining that a steak
was properly prepared when the customer feels differently shows a lack of respect and concern. Instead of
offering one solution, the staff member should work with the customer to determine what solution they would
prefer. For example, if the diner doesn't have time to wait for a new meal, offering one is a poor solution. It is
also important for a staff member to follow up with the customer to make sure they are satisfied with their
experience before leaving the restaurant. If a staff member fails to handle and resolve customer complaints in a
satisfactory manner, the customer is likely to never return.
SOURCE: CR:046 Determine strategies for resolving customer-service situations
SOURCE: Houston Chronicle. (2021, August 17). Problem solving steps in customer service. Retrieved October
6, 2022, from https://work.chron.com/problem-solving-steps-customer-service-20738.html
13. C
Business success or failure depends on customer service. In the hospitality and tourism industry, success or
failure depends on the level and quality of customer service. Customer satisfaction is heavily influenced by
service, and the greater the customer satisfaction, the higher the revenues for the business. Customer service
has a greater impact than price when it comes to a customer's buying decision in this industry. Also, customer
service can be taught through employee training programs; in fact, training is a crucial tool when it comes to
ensuring high-quality customer service.
SOURCE: CR:049 Explain the nature of customer service in the hospitality and tourism industry
SOURCE: Freeman, R., & Glazer, K. (n.d.). Chapter 9: Customer service. Retrieved October 6, 2022, from
https://opentextbc.ca/introtourism/chapter/chapter-9-customer-service
14. A
Honesty. Customers who are treated with honesty are much more likely to have a positive experience. Because
the pictures online accurately reflected Vinny's hotel room, he was happy with the experience. This example is
not as directly related to respect, efficiency, or empathy.
SOURCE: CR:052 Identify factors associated with positive customer experiences
SOURCE: Parson, S. (2022). 12 tips for a positive customer experience. Retrieved October 6, 2022, from
https://www.customerservicemanager.com/12-tips-for-a-positive-customer-experience

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1272

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

4

15. A
Get to know customers. Companies should be familiar with their customers and information about them, such
as their previous purchases and other issues they've had with the company. This will help customer service
employees prevent problems before they occur and give customers what they need. Focusing on selling
products will not help companies anticipate customer needs. Planning customer service efforts is a good idea,
but it is not necessarily related to anticipating customer needs without asking. Offering online chat support will
not necessarily help companies anticipate customer needs without asking.
SOURCE: CR:053 Anticipate unspoken customer needs
SOURCE: McMahon, D. (2020). 4 ways to accurately anticipate customer needs. Retrieved October 6, 2022,
from https://aveus.com/4-ways-to-accurately-anticipate-customer-needs-2
16. A
A customer finds chocolates on their hotel room pillows after checking in. A moment of truth is any time a
customer engages with a company and has an opportunity to form an impression. Moments of truth can be
small. By placing chocolates on the guest's pillow, the company has created a positive customer experience
that might give the customer a lasting, positive impression. While the business, manufacturer, and sales
representative examples are all positive, they do not relate to the customer experience and, therefore, are not
examples of a moment of truth.
SOURCE: CR:055 Deliver positive moments of truth
SOURCE: Hyken, S. (2014, November 25). Manage your customer service moments of truth and create
moments of magic. Retrieved October 6, 2022, from
https://www.forbes.com/sites/shephyken/2014/11/25/manage-your-customer-service-moments-oftruth-and-create-moments-of-magic
17. D
New pair of jeans. When a choice is made about the best use of resources, the next-best alternative that is
given up is called the opportunity cost. In this case, John decided to spend his money on a trip to an
amusement park rather than on a new pair of jeans. Since the pair of jeans was given up, it is the opportunity
cost. Opportunity costs exist because of scarcity.
SOURCE: EC:001 Describe the concepts of economics and economic activities
SOURCE: LAP-EC-901—Are You Satisfied? (Economics and Economic Activities)
18. C
Form. Form utility means altering or changing the shape of a product to make it more useful to the consumer,
as in transforming various raw materials into cars and trucks. Time utility involves making products available at
the time they are wanted or needed by consumers. Place utility occurs when goods and services are available
at the place (location) they are wanted or needed by consumers. Possession utility is created when ownership
of a product is transferred from the seller to the person who will use it.
SOURCE: EC:004 Determine economic utilities created by business activities
SOURCE: LAP-EC-013—Use It (Economic Utility)
19. B
Law of supply and demand. The law of supply and demand is an economic principle which states that the
supply of a good or service will increase when demand is great and decrease when demand is low. Producers
and consumers generally control supply and demand. Market price is the price that exists in the marketplace at
any particular moment. Equilibrium price is the price at which the quantity of a good that buyers want to buy and
the quantity that sellers are willing to sell are equal.
SOURCE: EC:005 Explain the principles of supply and demand
SOURCE: LAP-EC-011—It's the Law (Supply and Demand)

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1272

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

5

20. D
Enrichment. Job enrichment involves adding interest and satisfaction to a task to increase employee motivation.
Allowing employees to set their own pace is one way of enriching jobs. Job enlargement is combining job tasks
so that a worker has more responsibility for the completion of a job. Job rotation involves moving people around
to different jobs to teach them new skills and to show them how tasks are interrelated. Job satisfaction is the
degree to which one likes their job and is motivated to do it.
SOURCE: EC:014 Analyze impact of specialization/division of labor on productivity
SOURCE: LAP-EC-914—Divide and Conquer (Specialization and Division of Labor)
21. C
Wide. Many factors affect how many employees a manager can effectively supervise, which is the manager's
span of control. Employees who have highly specialized skills, such as research scientists, can usually perform
their work without a lot of supervision. If employees require less supervision, the manager can usually handle
more employees at once, which means the manager has a wide span of control. When employees need a lot of
guidance and supervision to perform their work, it takes more of the manager's time. In these situations, the
manager tends to have a narrow span of control. Intensive and extensive are not types of spans of control.
SOURCE: EC:103 Explain the organizational design of businesses
SOURCE: LAP-EC-103—Designed to Work (Organizational Design of Businesses)
22. C
Lower occupancy rates. During an economic recession, consumers and businesses spend less money. When
spending decreases, fewer people travel for leisure or business purposes, which results in unsold hotel rooms.
When hotel rooms are not sold, the facilities' occupancy rates decrease. When occupancy rates decrease,
hotels tend to lay off employees to lower their labor costs, which results in an increase in the unemployment
rate in the community. To reduce the risk of business closure and further economic turmoil, governments do not
usually increase property taxes during a recession.
SOURCE: EC:136 Explain the relationship between the economy and hospitality and tourism
SOURCE: Acquisition International. (2020, August 10). The economic impact of hotel development. Retrieved
October 6, 2022, from https://www.acquisition-international.com/the-economic-impact-of-hoteldevelopment
23. B
"I'm sure I can learn to do this the new way." Responsible employees can accept criticism or suggestions about
how to do their jobs without getting defensive. They use the criticism to improve their job performance and to
become better workers. All of the other alternative statements are examples of defensive responses.
SOURCE: EI:003 Explain the use of feedback for personal growth
SOURCE: LAP-EI-903—Grin and Bear It (Using Feedback for Personal Growth)
24. C
Positive. A positive attitude is an outlook that focuses on the good side of things. People with positive attitudes
feel good about themselves, their jobs, and other people. They are better able to weather life's problems
because they believe things will work out all right in the end. An indifferent attitude is one that expresses lack of
interest. A negative attitude is an outlook that focuses on the bad side of things. A superior attitude is displayed
by those who feel they are better than others.
SOURCE: EI:019 Exhibit a positive attitude
SOURCE: LAP-EI-003—Opt for Optimism (Positive Attitude)

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1272

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

6

25. B
Stay until the rush ends. Responsible behavior is fulfilling one's obligations in a dependable, reliable manner.
Reliable employees do what needs to be done to get the job done. Staying until the rush ends is responsible
behavior because serving customers is the employee's job. An irresponsible employee might leave as planned,
expect others to stay late, or say there is an emergency.
SOURCE: EI:021 Demonstrate responsible behavior
SOURCE: LAP-EI-021—Make the Honor Role (Acting Responsibly)
26. D
Stereotypes. A stereotype is a set image or an assumption about a person or thing. Stereotypes often influence
the way people think about other people and might prevent businesspeople from developing cultural sensitivity.
To be culturally sensitive, businesspeople need to be aware that people in other parts of the world live and think
very differently than they do. Businesspeople need to be open-minded rather than assume that all people in one
culture behave in a certain manner. Demographics are the physical and social characteristics of the population.
Ethics are the basic principles that govern your behavior. Businesspeople who have principles and are ethical
often are able to develop cultural sensitivity because they try to avoid stereotyping others.
SOURCE: EI:033 Exhibit cultural sensitivity
SOURCE: LAP-EI-033—Getting To Know You (Cultural Sensitivity)
27. D
Work well together. Valuing the differences in others helps people get along and work well together. They
understand the differences and appreciate them. Arguing about politics is a common characteristic among all
people and is not limited to those with different backgrounds. People who value the differences in others do not
avoid each other. Valuing the differences in others does not depend upon living in the same area.
SOURCE: EI:036 Treat others with dignity and respect
SOURCE: LAP-EI-036—Everyone's Worthy (Treating Others With Dignity and Respect)
28. B
Identify the problem. Identifying the problem is the first step in the coaching process. You must identify the
problem before you can ask questions, agree on goals, or form a plan for improvement.
SOURCE: EI:041 Coach others
SOURCE: LAP-EI-041—Bring Out the Best (Coaching Others)
29. D
Viability. Hannah is thinking about how her actions will affect her and her boss in the long run. In other words,
she is concerned about viability. Respect is also an important ethical principle, but it is not demonstrated in this
example. Hannah is not showing greed or peer pressure.
SOURCE: EI:124 Explain reasons for ethical dilemmas
SOURCE: LAP-EI-124—What's the Situation? (Reasons for Ethical Dilemmas)
30. B
It encourages questions and suggestions. Open, honest communication is called transparency. Transparency
doesn't just go in one direction. Transparent people welcome questions and suggestions. Transparency allows
for conflict, is consistent and ongoing, and gives people only the information that they need.
SOURCE: EI:129 Foster open, honest communication
SOURCE: LAP-EI-129—Can We Talk? (Fostering Open, Honest Communication)

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1272

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

7

31. A
$4,000. Liabilities are debts owed by the business. In this case, the business owes the $4,000 it borrowed from
the Fifth National Bank. The $7,000 worth of inventory is an asset because it's owned by the business. The
$24,000 is the business's equity or net assets.
SOURCE: FI:085 Explain the concept of accounting
SOURCE: LAP-FI-085—Show Me the Money (Nature of Accounting)
32. D
Accounting equation. The basic accounting equation is assets = liabilities + owner's equity. These are the three
sections in a balance sheet. For the balance sheet to balance, the amount in the asset section must equal the
amount in the liabilities section plus the amount of owner's equity. The three sections of a balance sheet do not
represent the basic bookkeeping system, the basic financial quota, or the basic investment plan.
SOURCE: FI:093 Explain the nature of balance sheets
SOURCE: LAP-FI-093—The Right Balance (The Nature of Balance Sheets)
33. A
$1,000 net loss. To calculate the net income or net loss, subtract the cost of goods sold from the revenue to get
the gross profit. In this case, $68,000 - $42,000 = $26,000. Subtract the total operating expenses from the gross
profit to get the net income or net loss for the coffee shop ($26,000 - $27,000 = - $1,000). A net loss occurs
when total expenses are greater than total revenue. Net income occurs when total revenue is greater than total
expenses.
SOURCE: FI:094 Describe the nature of income statements
SOURCE: LAP-FI-094—Watch Your Bottom Line (Income Statements)
34. B
Specialized budgets that are generated by individual departments. A master budget is made up of information
from specialized budgets that are generated by individual departments. Each specialized budget reflects the
goals and activities for that particular area of the company. It's likely that the previous year's budget is taken into
consideration, but not simply by adding 10% to its amounts. Internal sales forecasts are part of the sales
budget, not a direct component of the master budget. Level of competition is not a direct factor in the master
budget. Top management does not determine the content of specialized budgets.
SOURCE: FI:106 Describe the nature of budgets
SOURCE: LAP-FI-106—Money Tracks (Nature of Budgets)
35. C
Credit analyst. There are many types of careers in corporate finance. A credit analyst is an example of a job in
corporate finance. Accountants, salespeople, and product managers are not roles that fall under corporate
finance.
SOURCE: FI:354 Explain the role of finance in business
SOURCE: LAP-FI-354—Money Matters (Role of Finance)

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1272

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

8

36. C
They are subtracted from the total receipts to determine net intake. Voided and refunded transactions are
subtracted, not added, from cash receipts to determine the amount of cash received—the net intake—at the
end of each day. Voids and refunds are included in the total receipts for the day, so they must be subtracted to
determine net intake, regardless of whether there is a cash shortage or not.
SOURCE: FI:396 Reconcile cash
SOURCE: University of Illinois. (2020, June 18). 10.2.5 Reconcile cash receipts daily. Retrieved October 6,
2022, from https://www.obfs.uillinois.edu/bfpp/section-10-cash-handling/reconcile-cash-receiptsdaily
37. B
1.67. Price-to-cash flow is a valuation ratio calculated by dividing the stock price of a company by its cash flow
per share (price-to-cash flow = current stock price / cash flow per share). The price-to-cash flow ratio of a
company can be compared with its competitors to see whether the company's stock is overpriced or
underpriced. To calculate the Sun Valley Corporation's price-to-cash flow ratio, first calculate the cash flow per
share by dividing total cash flow by the number of shares ($15 million / $1 million = $15 per share). Then, divide
the stock price by the cash flow per share to calculate the corporation's price-to-cash flow ratio ($25 / $15 =
1.67).
SOURCE: FI:541 Interpret cash-flow statements
SOURCE: Jan, O. (2019, May 31). Price to cash flow ratio. Retrieved October 6, 2022,
from https://xplaind.com/293746/price-to-cash-flow
38. B
Go on strike. When employees feel that they deserve better economic conditions, such as higher wages, they
can go on strike until they are given the opportunity to negotiate pay raises. However, employees cannot file a
lawsuit unless they are being paid an illegal wage that was agreed upon in their contracts. Quitting their jobs will
not necessarily help employees receive raises. Obtaining workers' compensation will not help employees
receive raises and is not appropriate for this situation.
SOURCE: HR:452 Explain labor-relations issues
SOURCE: National Labor Relations Board. (n.d.). The right to strike. Retrieved October 6, 2022, from
https://www.nlrb.gov/strikes
39. B
Exit interview. The purpose of an exit interview is to gain feedback from an employee who is leaving the
business. The feedback can provide managers with knowledge about how they can help replacements become
acclimated to the job. The feedback can also provide management with ideas for improving processes and
increasing efficiency and job satisfaction. Concept mapping is a method of clarifying and organizing ideas by
using a graphic format to show relationships. Codification is the process of classifying or assigning value to
certain ideas, statements, or data. Tammy may have used concept mapping or data codification techniques to
organize Seth's feedback after the exit interview. Training involves providing new hires and employees with
education to perform their jobs.
SOURCE: KM:005 Identify techniques that can be used to capture and transfer knowledge in an organization
SOURCE: Knowledge Sharing Toolkit. (2018). Exit interviews. Retrieved October 6, 2022, from
http://www.kstoolkit.org/Exit+Interviews

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1272

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

9

40. C
Offering a play area for children while their parents shop. The FreshFast Grocery store sells products
(groceries), but it also offers services that complement its products and improve the customer experience.
These services can be used as a marketing tactic to attract customers. An example of service marketing for
FreshFast Grocery could be offering a play area for children while their parents shop. A discount on cereal and
grain products is not an example of service marketing; rather, it is a sales promotional tactic. Partnering with an
organic farm does not provide a service to customers. Finally, airing a TV advertisement does not provide a
service to customers.
SOURCE: MK:008 Differentiate between service marketing and product marketing
SOURCE: Reilly, S. (2022, August 17). The difference between product marketing and service marketing.
Retrieved October 6, 2022, from https://www.fiftyfiveandfive.com/difference-between-product-andservice-marketing
41. D
Cultural influences. Cultural influences have the strongest effect on a consumer’s buying behavior, even
stronger than social influences, individual influences, or situational influences.
SOURCE: MK:014 Explain factors that influence customer/client/business buying behavior
SOURCE: LAP-MK-014—Cause and Effect (Buying Behavior)
42. C
Lifestyle and gender. The lodging facility is offering a product option that appeals to women (gender) who enjoy
scrapbooking, which is a hobby or lifestyle choice. Segmenting a market by life cycle involves designing travel
products to appeal to people in their various stages of life, such as retirees or young families. Geographic
segmentation involves segmenting a market by physical location.
SOURCE: MP:035 Identify ways to segment hospitality and tourism markets
SOURCE: Qualtrics. (2022). Market segmentation: Definition, types, benefits, & best practice. Retrieved
October 6, 2022, from https://www.qualtrics.com/experience-management/brand/what-is-marketsegmentation
43. B
Can be forwarded to others. When employees write email messages to coworkers or customers, the recipients
of the messages can forward them to others without the sender's knowledge or permission. Therefore,
employees should be cautious about the content of email messages because they have no control over what
the recipients do with the emails. It is best not to include personal or sensitive information in emails, particularly
if the sender wants the information to remain private. Email messages are not private conversations, do not
take a long time to prepare, and are not considered formal correspondence.
SOURCE: NF:004 Demonstrate basic e-mail functions
SOURCE: Herrity, J. (2022, July 8). 16 best practices for email etiquette in the workplace. Retrieved October 6,
2022, from https://www.indeed.com/career-advice/career-development/email-etiquette
44. B
To organize vendor information. Businesses often use database software programs to organize and analyze
various types of information. For example, a business might organize information about its vendors according to
name, location, type of product, selling price, or reliability. Spreadsheet software programs may be used to
calculate weekly payroll. Graphics software programs may be used to diagram work schedules. Desktop
publishing programs may be used to prepare promotional material.
SOURCE: NF:009 Demonstrate basic database applications
SOURCE: Chapple, M. (2021, October 21). Databases for beginners. Retrieved October 6, 2022, from
https://www.lifewire.com/databases-for-beginners-1019643

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1272

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

10

45. B
Hyperlinks. A hyperlink is a component of an electronic document that can be clicked on to jump to another
place within the document or into a different document. By linking the inn's website with the website of area
attractions, the site visitor can immediately go to an attraction's website to obtain further information such as
location, hours, services, etc. A portal is a popular starting point for surfing online (e.g., Yahoo!). Cookies are
text files that are put on a website visitor's hard disk and then later retrieved during subsequent visits to the site
to track internet behavior. A site map is a flowchart that puts information on the web in a logical format, so that
internet users can find what they are looking for.
SOURCE: NF:042 Create and post basic web page
SOURCE: Mineo, G. (2022, August 25). How to create a link to jump to a specific part of a page [quick tip].
Retrieved October 6, 2022, from https://blog.hubspot.com/marketing/jump-link-same-page
46. A
Adventure. The hospitality industry is developing ways to accommodate niche markets. Trends indicate that
many niche markets are growing. Some of these markets include the baby boomers, health-conscious people,
and adventure travelers. Adventure travelers include people who enjoy nature and often enjoy taking risks.
Adventure travelers enjoy activities such as skydiving, mountain biking, and race car driving. Geotourism (or
environmental tourism) refers to a market that is interested in unique or threatened outdoor environments, such
as the rainforest. Agriculture enthusiasts are members of a niche market called the agritourists and often visit
working farms.
SOURCE: NF:048 Describe current issues and trends in the hospitality and tourism industry
SOURCE: Grand View Research, Inc. (2022, July 25). Adventure tourism market size worth $1.009 trillion by
2030: Grand View Research, Inc. Retrieved October 11, 2022, from
https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/adventure-tourism-market-size-worth-1-009-trillion-by2030-grand-view-research-inc-301592279.html
47. C
Technology. The technology that allowed for the creation of the internet makes it possible for customers to buy
travel products directly from suppliers rather than using the services of travel agents. Anyone with a computer
and access to the internet can go online to obtain information about airline flights, cruises, hotel
accommodations, etc., and buy those products online from the supplier. For example, a customer can access
the home page of American Airlines, select a flight, book the flight, pay for the flight, and download a boarding
pass. This eliminates the middleman, or the travel agent, and allows customers to buy directly from suppliers.
Deregulation, commercialization, and information do not enable customers to bypass travel agents.
SOURCE: NF:060 Explain ways that technology impacts the hospitality and tourism industry
SOURCE: Oakley, R. (n.d.). The advantage of online reservations. Retrieved October 6, 2022, from
https://traveltips.usatoday.com/advantages-online-reservations-63078.html
48. D
Flash drive. A flash drive is a small device that plugs into a computer's USB port and allows users to transfer,
store, and retrieve information from the computer's hard drive onto the device. The user can plug the
information into other computers to retrieve the information when needed. Portable chargers, audio recorders,
and computer batteries are not devices that allow businesspeople to store and retrieve electronic documents
from a computer.
SOURCE: NF:081 Store information for future use
SOURCE: Alexander, P. (2022). Choosing the best data storage solution. Retrieved October 6, 2022,
from https://www.entrepreneur.com/science-technology/data-storage-solutions-for-yourbusiness/172226

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1272

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

11

49. B
Implementing self-service check-in options. Many lodging facilities have implemented self-service check-in and
check-out options. These options often save time for the guests because they do not need to wait in long lines
for an employee's assistance. It also reduces payroll expense for the lodging facilities because they do not need
to pay staff to perform these types of duties. Offering valet parking services, requiring guests to pay for access
to the facility's internet service, and encouraging guests to order room service for meals are not automated
activities.
SOURCE: NF:106 Use software to automate services
SOURCE: Lacalle, E. (2022, April 27). The best self-service kiosk software for hotels. Retrieved October 6,
2022, from https://www.mews.com/en/blog/best-selfservice-kiosks-for-hotels
50. C
Subset. A subset is part of a whole. In the example, leisure travelers are part (31%) of the airline's entire (or
whole) market, which makes leisure travelers a subset. A sample is a representative group of consumers for
surveying purposes. A framework refers to the structure or foundation of something. Consensus is a decisionmaking outcome that requires the substantial agreement of each group member.
SOURCE: NF:185 Use database for information analysis
SOURCE: Stat trek. (2022). Sets and subsets. Retrieved October 11, 2022, from
https://stattrek.com/probability/set-and-subset
51. A
The ability to better understand customer behavior. Insight into customer behavior is one of the most valuable
benefits of big data. Hospitality and tourism companies can use big data to analyze how customers interact with
their brands and use their services, helping the companies better understand what makes customers happy.
For example, a hotel company could analyze customer data to determine if a certain individual is likely to take
advantage of spa services or not. Using that information, the company could then tailor its communications to
the customer's preferences. Enhancing company image, outperforming competing hotels, and selling more
expensive hotel rooms may be peripheral goals of analyzing big data, but not primary goals.
SOURCE: NF:205 Use analytical tracking tools
SOURCE: Marr, B. (2016, January 26). How big data and analytics are changing hotels and the hospitality
industry. Retrieved October 6, 2022,
from https://www.forbes.com/sites/bernardmarr/2016/01/26/how-big-data-and-analytics-changinghotels-and-the-hospitality-industry
52. A
What time they need to staff more employees. Descriptive statistics such as mean (average) can be interpreted
to aid in business decision-making. In this instance, the mean number of customers can help the manager
interpret when they need to staff more employees. For example, if the mean is highest between 6-9 a.m., they
can decide to have two extra employees come in during that 3-hour window. The mean number of customers
would not necessarily help the manager interpret which products are the most profitable, which employees are
the most successful, or how customer satisfaction relates to time.
SOURCE: NF:237 Interpret descriptive statistics for business decision making
SOURCE: Salleh, S. (2018, April 5). The importance of statistics in management decision making. Retrieved
October 6, 2022, from https://yourbusiness.azcentral.com/importance-statistics-managementdecision-making-25518.html

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1272

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

12

53. A
Primary. Primary data are facts collected specifically for the problem or project at hand. In other words, primary
data are collected through original research. In this example, Open Road Bus Tours collects primary data
through original research (the use of analytical tracking tools). Secondary data, on the other hand, are facts and
figures that have already been collected for purposes other than the project at hand. Sources of secondary data
in the hospitality and tourism industry include census data, psychographics, public opinion polls, and tourism
forecasts. Research data are not generally classified as "outlying" or "nonspecific."
SOURCE: NF:282 Explain types of primary hospitality and tourism market information
SOURCE: Destination BC. (2015). Research guide for tourism operators. Retrieved October 6, 2022, from
https://www.destinationbc.ca/content/uploads/2018/07/TBE-Guide-Research-Guide-For-TourismOperators-Mar-2015.pdf
54. B
Purchasing behavior and preferences. Many hotel chains, airlines, and other hospitality and tourism businesses
use customer loyalty programs to collect pertinent customer information such as guests' contact information,
purchasing behavior, and preferences. In exchange for this information, businesses with loyalty programs offer
special deals, discounts, and benefits to guests who participate. Hospitality and tourism customers typically
don't have to share their employment history or monthly income to take part in a loyalty program. If they apply
for a credit card offered by a hospitality and tourism business, they often are required to provide that
information. A feasibility study, which typically has no connection to customer loyalty programs, is an organized
inquiry into the possible success of a business idea or venture. Distribution channels are paths or routes that
goods or services take from the producer to the ultimate consumer or industrial user. While customers taking
part in a loyalty program may be asked to identify their preferred communication channels, they aren't typically
asked about their preferred distribution channels.
SOURCE: NF:283 Describe methods used to collect hospitality and tourism business information (e.g.,
observations, mail, telephone, Internet, discussion groups, interviews)
SOURCE: OpenKey. (2018, February 8). How to capture more hotel guest data. Retrieved October 6, 2022,
from https://www.openkey.co/2018/02/08/how-to-capture-more-hotel-guest-data
55. D
Guest trend. Solo travel is a growing trend that hospitality and tourism companies should take note of. Many
people—both young and old—enjoy traveling alone for various reasons. While traveling solo in the past may
have been considered unsafe (or even socially unacceptable), solo trips today are increasingly popular. This is
an example of a guest trend that impacts the hospitality and tourism industry, not a technological change,
economic trend, or regulatory shift.
SOURCE: NF:287 Track environmental changes that impact hospitality and tourism (e.g., technological
changes, guest trends, economic changes, regulatory changes)
SOURCE: Revfine.com. (2022). Tourism trends: The latest opportunities for the tourism industry. Retrieved
October 6, 2022, from https://www.revfine.com/tourism-trends
56. B
Describe the purpose of the report. Leo's report is important for the general manager because it will provide
them with the information they need to make a decision on how to deal with the budgetary issues. The report
should first include an introduction, where Leo can state the purpose of the report and describe the budgetary
issues. Next, Leo should work on the body of the report, which will include facts, statistics, and other relevant
information. This is followed by a conclusion, which provides a short summary of the report and reinforces the
message. After writing the report, Leo should proofread and edit it. A short report typically does not include
formal plans to correct issues. That step will likely occur after Leo submits his report to the general manager.
SOURCE: NF:292 Prepare written reports for hospitality and tourism decision-making
SOURCE: Thompson, J. (2019, January 22). How to write a report for the boss. Retrieved October 6, 2022,
from https://bizfluent.com/how-7883364-write-report-boss.html

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1272

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

13

57. D
Mobile technology. Mobile technology (smartphones and other mobile smart devices) has impacted every
aspect of the hospitality and tourism industry. Customers now expect to be able to find and book hotel rooms,
view accommodation photos, check in to their destinations, compare prices, and more—all from their devices.
One way that hospitality companies have responded to this growing trend is by offering more robust
smartphone apps. Many hotels now offer apps that provide most of the same benefits of the traditional website,
including tours of hotel rooms, price comparison tools, reviews, and check-in/check-out services. This example
best demonstrates the impact of mobile technology on the hospitality and tourism industry, not customer
feedback, changing travel habits, or social media influencers.
SOURCE: NF:313 Describe the impact of mobile technology on the hospitality and tourism industry
SOURCE: Kumari, V. (2020, June 7). How mobile technology is changing the hospitality industry. Retrieved
October 6, 2022, from https://www.quytech.com/blog/mobile-technology-changing-hospitalityindustry
58. B
Leadership. One of the most important skills for a project manager to possess is the ability to guide or direct the
actions of others in a desired manner. One of the main roles of a project manager is to lead the group to
achieve the project's goal. Members follow an effective leader because the leader motivates them and includes
them in making decisions. Education is not a skill. Integrity is a personal quality rather than a skill. Strength is a
physical attribute.
SOURCE: OP:002 Apply project-management tools to monitor and communicate project progress
SOURCE: Mind Tools. (2022). How good are your project management skills? Retrieved October 6, 2022, from
https://www.mindtools.com/pages/article/newPPM_60.htm
59. C
Padding an expense account. Employee pilferage involves the taking of small amounts or small articles without
the consent of the company. That is what occurs when an employee pads their expense account. Having
authorization to change the amount specified on a check is not pilferage. Installing personally owned software
on your computer may violate company policies; however, it does not represent employee pilferage. Hacking
into a competitor's computer network to obtain trade secrets is a computer crime, rather than pilferage.
SOURCE: OP:013 Explain routine security precautions
SOURCE: Picincu, A. (2020, July 17). 5 most common ways employee theft occurs. Retrieved October 6, 2022,
from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/5-common-ways-employee-theft-occurs-41183.html
60. A
Contribute to expense control. Employees can help keep expenses down by respecting company property and
paying for whatever they use or take. Simon's behavior is an example of how employees can contribute to
expense control—not act as salespeople, be punished for breaking the rules, or increase expenses for the
company.
SOURCE: OP:025 Explain employee's role in expense control
SOURCE: LAP-OP-025—Buck Busters (Employee Role in Expense Control)

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1272

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

14

61. D
Locking particular doors after certain hours. By locking doors after certain hours, a hotel can limit access to the
facility. For example, a hotel might provide its guests and employees with an access code to get into the main
lobby from outdoors at nighttime. Hotels do not provide vendors with electronic key cards. It would be very
expensive to change traditional locks every week. A hotel enacts a lockout by preventing a guest from entering
their room when the guest does not pay the bill, exhibits unsafe behavior, etc.
SOURCE: OP:115 Explain security considerations in the hospitality and tourism industry
SOURCE: Reynolds, J.S., & Chase, D.M. (2014). Hospitality services (3rd ed.) [pp. 243-244]. Tinley Park, IL:
The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
62. A
Medical kit and cell phone. Medical kits should contain items needed to initiate emergency care (e.g., a splint).
Depending on the location of the accident and the extent of the injury, a cell phone would be useful to call for
additional help and transportation of the injured party. A toolbox, flashlight, map, and compass may be helpful
but are not the primary items needed for the described situation. Most first-aid or medical kits include
nonprescription pain relievers and allergy medication, but allergy medication isn't likely to be useful when
treating a broken ankle.
SOURCE: OP:119 Handle emergency situations in hospitality and tourism
SOURCE: Brouhard, R. (2021, August 19). Building and storing first aid kits: What should you keep in your first
aid kit? Retrieved October 6, 2022, from https://www.verywellhealth.com/first-aid-kits-1298537
63. B
Reduce costs. It is often more costly not to provide quality than to use methods to increase quality. If
businesses develop a reputation of providing low quality goods and services, they may lose customers, which is
costly. Therefore, it is to the business's advantage to use quality control methods so the work will be done
correctly rather than spend money to correct mistakes, handle customer complaints, and find new customers.
Using quality control methods involves time, but it is time well spent to reduce the cost of correcting mistakes.
Using quality control methods usually decreases waste. Some quality control methods might require directions,
which could be a disadvantage.
SOURCE: OP:164 Utilize quality control methods at work
SOURCE: Netamorphosis. (2022). Quality control methods. Retrieved October 11, 2022, from
https://netamorphosis.com/insights/glossary/quality-control-methods
64. C
Are legal documents. An invoice is the formal, printed record of a sale that includes all necessary information of
a sales transaction—the buyer, the seller, items purchased, quantities, prices, delivery date, credit, discount
terms, etc. The invoice serves as a legal document or formal agreement in which one party takes possession of
goods or services in exchange for payment within a certain time period. Transportation companies provide
proof-of-delivery signatures. Legal tender is a medium of payment—check, credit card, cash, etc. Invoices do
not serve as registration slips.
SOURCE: OP:184 Track invoices
SOURCE: Pollick, M. (2022, September 2). What is an invoice? Retrieved October 6, 2022, from
https://www.smartcapitalmind.com/what-is-an-invoice.htm

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1272

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

15

65. C
Special order. A special order is a request for a custom product or an item that a vendor does not normally
stock. A blanket order is an order that covers all or part of a business's product requirements for a certain period
of time. An open order is placed with one of several available vendors who can meet the business's immediate
requirements (e.g., time, price, quantity). A reorder is an order for the same goods previously ordered from the
same vendor.
SOURCE: OP:250 Describe types of purchase orders
SOURCE: Bragg, S. (2022, May 10). Special order definition. Retrieved October 6, 2022, from
https://www.accountingtools.com/articles/special-order
66. B
Computers, tape, and soap. Finished-goods inventory contains products that are ready to be marketed.
Computers, tape, soap, automobiles, bleach, magazines, and some types of hardware are examples of finished
goods. Coal, crude oil, and minerals (e.g., graphite) are examples of raw materials that are used to make a
variety of items.
SOURCE: OP:336 Discuss types of inventory
SOURCE: Bragg, S. (2022, July 8). Finished goods inventory definition. Retrieved October 6, 2022, from
https://www.accountingtools.com/articles/finished-goods-inventory
67. A
Collect as little data as possible. One way that businesses can prevent large-scale breaches of customer data is
to collect as little data as possible. If the business only collects the data that is necessary, rather than keeping a
large amount of extraneous personal information, it will be less vulnerable. Sharing data with all employees
increases the risk that customer data will be compromised. Storing data indefinitely also increases the risk of a
data breach. Reporting data security issues is good practice, but it will not necessarily prevent data breaches in
the first place.
SOURCE: OP:518 Comply with strategies to protect digital customer data (e.g., information about customers,
customers' credit-card numbers, passwords, customer transactions)
SOURCE: Podnar, K. (2017, September 13). How to protect customer data—and your company. Retrieved
October 6, 2022, from https://contentmarketinginstitute.com/articles/digital-integrity-matters
68. D
Distribution channels. Distribution is the marketing/business function that is responsible for moving, storing,
locating, and/or transferring ownership of goods and services to customers. In the hospitality and tourism
industry, services are transferred to customers in a number of ways. Hotels may transfer rooms to customers by
means of their own websites, in-person travel agencies, or third-party online booking sites. These are examples
of distribution channels, not quality control methods (processes and procedures designed to ensure the
excellence of a good or service), public relations (the process of establishing and maintaining positive
relationships between a business and its various publics), or customer relations (all the activities a business
engages in to interact with its customers).
SOURCE: OP:522 Explain the nature and scope of distribution
SOURCE: SiteMinder. (2022). Hotel distribution: Mastering the concepts and undertaking best practice.
Retrieved October 6, 2022, from https://www.siteminder.com/r/hotel-distribution-concepts-bestpractice

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1272

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

16

69. C
Water and energy conservation. Sustainable practices in the hospitality industry have taken off in recent years
as public concern for the health of the environment has increased. It is now an industry standard to place signs
in guest bathrooms offering visitors the opportunity to reuse their towels. When taken advantage of, this practice
saves considerable water and energy. This is not an example of how hotels are reducing waste, embracing
recycling, eliminating toxins in bath products, or using organic cleaning products; however, many hotels have
also implemented these practices to further reduce their impact on the earth.
SOURCE: OP:658 Identify environmental sustainability issues in hospitality and tourism
SOURCE: Hard, R. (2019, November 6). The most common eco-friendly hotel initiatives. Retrieved October 6,
2022, from https://www.liveabout.com/sustainability-and-eco-friendly-hotel-initiatives-1223545
70. B
Stakeholder management. Stakeholder management involves overseeing the communications and
expectations of all project stakeholders. Ethical communication includes being open, honest, and discerning
when deciding what to share and how to say it. Project quality is a measure of excellence and involves how well
you have accomplished project work. Scope management involves ensuring that a project stays within its
defined boundaries and achieves all that it sets out to achieve. Open and honest communication is not
necessarily related to the project's budget.
SOURCE: OP:675 Describe the role of ethics in project management
SOURCE: LAP-OP-675—Projects With Principles (Ethics in Project Management)
71. A
Increases your chances of success in life. Success has been defined as reaching the goals you have set
yourself. Setting goals helps you achieve success by helping you understand yourself, giving you a target to
aim toward, raising your level of self-esteem, and giving you a way to measure your progress. Goals should be
accepted as your own, not set to please others. Goals provide valuable guidelines, not restrictions. Not all goals
make life simpler.
SOURCE: PD:018 Set personal goals
SOURCE: LAP-PD-918—Go for the Goal (Goal Setting)
72. C
A method for following up. In a letter of application, it is important to ask the recipient for a follow-up
conversation. In the conclusion of the letter, you can indicate how the recipient should follow up with you, such
as via phone or email. Information about your background should be done in the body of the letter rather than
the conclusion. Praise for the recipient should be in the introduction rather than the conclusion. Finally,
discussion about qualifications should be in the body rather than the conclusion.
SOURCE: PD:030 Write a letter of application
SOURCE: Doyle, A. (2021, July 14). Job application letter format and writing tips. Retrieved October 6, 2022,
from https://www.thebalancemoney.com/job-application-letter-format-2061567
73. D
Phone number. Resumes should contain personal information about an individual such as full name, address,
telephone number, etc. Year of graduation is considered to be educational information. The name(s) of
parent(s) or guardian(s) would not be included in a resume. If an applicant was previously employed, the former
rate of pay would be included as work information.
SOURCE: PD:031 Prepare a resume
SOURCE: Doyle, A. (2022, June 12). How to write resume job descriptions (with examples). Retrieved October
6, 2022, from https://www.thebalancemoney.com/how-to-write-job-descriptions-for-your-resume2063182

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1272

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

17

74. D
Success. People who realize their personal strengths and weaknesses can work to enhance their strengths and
improve their weaknesses. These improvements might make entrepreneurs more productive and, therefore,
can increase the chance of business success. Empathy refers to the degree of concern, understanding, or
sensitivity one person feels for another person. An awareness of one's own strengths and weaknesses does not
necessarily mean the person is more empathetic toward others. An awareness of personal strengths and
weaknesses does not necessarily make a person more productive. If the weaknesses are improved or strengths
enhanced, the individual might become more productive. Outsourcing refers to companies acquiring products
from outside organizations to accomplish their goals.
SOURCE: PD:066 Explain career opportunities in entrepreneurship
SOURCE: LAP-PD-066—Own Your Own (Career Opportunities in Entrepreneurship)
75. D
The introduction of trans-Atlantic flights. The advent of trans-Atlantic flights opened up a whole new world of
possibility for the hospitality and tourism industry. Consumers were now able to travel to places they could only
dream of before. Although the space race began in the 1950s and suburbs grew dramatically during that same
time period, neither event had as large an impact on the hospitality and tourism industry as trans-Atlantic flights
did. The first hotel was established in 1788.
SOURCE: PD:105 Describe the development of the hospitality and tourism industry
SOURCE: Llewellyn, M. (2020, May 3). The golden age of plane travel: What flying was like in the 1950s and
1960s compared to now. Retrieved October 17, 2022, from
https://www.skyscanner.com.au/news/airlines/the-golden-age-of-plane-travel-what-flying-was-like-inthe-1950s-and-1960s-compared-to-now
76. C
A decrease in the number of guests and an increase in the number of rooms available. A decrease in the
number of guests occurs during economic slowdowns because people are reluctant to spend their discretionary
income on travel. Consequently, there is an increase in the number of rooms available as more rooms become
available for rent. An increase in the number of guests and an increase in the number of rooms available does
not follow the law of supply and demand, which suggests that as demand for rooms go up, supply typically goes
down. A decrease in the number of guests and a decrease in the number of rooms available would work the
other way because as demand goes down, the supply of rooms available for rent typically goes up. An increase
in the number of guests and a decrease in the number of rooms available typically occurs during good
economic times when people are more willing to spend their discretionary income on travel.
SOURCE: PD:111 Describe the nature of the hospitality and tourism industry
SOURCE: Reynolds, J.S., & Chase, D. (2014). Hospitality services (3rd ed.) [p. 48]. Tinley Park, IL: The
Goodheart-Willcox Company, Inc.
77. C
Recreation, amusements, and attractions. Resort schedulers, curators, and camp directors work in the
recreation, amusements, and attractions career area. These careers are not part of the lodging, travel and
tourism, or restaurants and food/beverage services career areas.
SOURCE: PD:272 Explain career opportunities in hospitality and tourism
SOURCE: LAP-PD-272—Career Opportunities in Hospitality and Tourism

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1272

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

18

78. D
Services. Pricing would be a relatively simple process if marketers had to consider only the cost of the physical
product when setting prices; however, they must actually price the physical product and its associated services,
such as credit, delivery, etc. Features are the physical characteristics of a product. Value is the amount of
satisfaction a product will provide the customer.
SOURCE: PI:001 Explain the nature and scope of the pricing function
SOURCE: LAP-PI-001—The Price Is Right (Nature of Pricing)
79. B
To make changes to extend a product’s life cycle. Product/Service management continues even after a product
is established in the market. By monitoring existing products, product/service managers may decide to leave
everything about the product as it is, change the marketing strategy, modify the product in some way, such as
adding new features, find new uses or users for the product, or eliminate it. Putting a marketing plan into place,
determining the acceptance of a product by a limited market, and evaluating how well a product might fit into a
company’s product mix are all aspects of new-product development.
SOURCE: PM:001 Explain the nature and scope of the product/service management function
SOURCE: LAP-PM-017—Serving Up Products (Nature of Product/Service Management)
80. C
Deep. Depth refers to the assortment of sizes, colors, flavors, and models offered in the product lines. A deep
product mix offers significant variation of its products, while a shallow product mix offers few variations within
the product line. Narrow and broad are terms that refer to a product mix’s width.
SOURCE: PM:003 Explain the concept of product mix
SOURCE: LAP-PM-003—Mix and Match (The Nature of the Product Mix)
81. B
Bottle of conditioner. Product bundling involves combining two or more complementary products and selling
them for one all-inclusive price. The price of the bundled products is usually lower than the combined price of
the products sold separately. Often, the goal is to get customers to try a product that they might not have
considered purchasing. Once the customers have tried it and liked the product, companies hope that customers
will purchase the goods or services at another time. It would be most appropriate to bundle a bottle of shampoo
with a bottle of conditioner because they are both hair products. A bottle of hand lotion, a bar of soap, and a
tube of toothpaste are not complementary products of shampoo.
SOURCE: PM:041 Describe the nature of product bundling
SOURCE: Gleason, D. (2022, August 29). Product bundling strategy: How to get it right. Retrieved October 6,
2022, from https://cxl.com/blog/product-bundling
82. D
A bed-and-breakfast advertising private baths and a fireplace in each room. This illustrates the product element
of marketing in the travel industry. The product is the accommodations. The resort is focusing on how it treats
its guests. The cruise ship is providing information. The conference center is offering additional services.
SOURCE: PM:081 Explain the concept of product in the hospitality and tourism industry
SOURCE: Kolter, P., Bowen, J.T., & Makens, J.C. (2014). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (6th ed.) [p. 13].
Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Education, Inc.

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1272

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

19

83. C
Needs of the target market. A product extension is an additional product, related to but different than, the main
travel product. Before developing product extensions, it is important to consider the wants and needs of the
target market. If the target market is not interested in the product extension, there is no reason to develop it. For
example, a discount airline that provides inexpensive flights to regional airports probably would not sell
expensive, full-course meals to passengers. The meals would be a product extension of the main travel
product, which is air transportation. However, the target market, which is travelers who want economical air
transportation, would not want or need the expensive meals. The cost of advertising new ideas, attitudes of
industry employees, and complexity of the purchasing process are not considerations when developing product
extensions in the travel and tourism industry.
SOURCE: PM:099 Explain the nature of product extensions in the hospitality and tourism industry
SOURCE: Harvey, S. (2022). Stretching success: Do you need a brand extension strategy? Retrieved October
6, 2022, from https://fabrikbrands.com/brand-extension-strategy
84. D
Design. A brand identity consists of those elements that are instantly recognized as representing a particular
business or product, including logos, colors, names, images/graphics, and design. Values, promises, and
personality are important parts of the corporate brand, but they are not elements of a company's brand identity.
SOURCE: PM:206 Explain the nature of corporate branding
SOURCE: LAP-PM-206—Corporate Identity (Nature of Corporate Branding)
85. C
Its unique historical attributes. Long Beach marketers communicate the ship's rich history to attract lodging
guests and visitors. The ship is stationary, so it does not offer tropical excursions. There is not enough
information to determine if the Queen Mary offers gaming and entertainment attractions or the level of customer
service the ship provides.
SOURCE: PM:246 Identify product's/service's competitive advantage
SOURCE: The Queen Mary. (2022). The Queen Mary timeline. Retrieved October 6, 2022,
from https://queenmary.com/history/timeline/the-creative-years
86. A
Persuasive. Successful promotion convinces potential customers that the product being offered for sale can
satisfy their specific needs. Promotional communication should also be relevant to the target audience;
appropriate for the product, image, or idea; and repetitive so that customers remember the message.
SOURCE: PR:001 Explain the role of promotion as a marketing function
SOURCE: LAP-PR-901—Razzle Dazzle (Nature of Promotion)
87. B
Playing follow the leader. Competing businesses within the same industry usually use quite similar promotional
mixes because many of the factors affecting the promotional mix are the same for those businesses.
Businesses also use the same promotional activities to prevent losing customers to competitors. Changing the
distribution channel would not necessarily make the business more competitive. Reducing the promotional
budget or trying not to outdo the competition would make the business less competitive.
SOURCE: PR:003 Identify the elements of the promotional mix
SOURCE: LAP-PR-903—Spread the Word (Nature of the Promotional Mix)

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1272

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

20

88. B
Sweepstakes. A sweepstake is a promotional method that involves a chance of winning a prize. Entering a
sweepstake usually involves filling out a form and sending it to the cruise line. This is an effective way for a
cruise line to promote a new cruise because many potential customers will read about the sweepstake and be
encouraged to enter. Even if they do not win, they might be interested enough to book the cruise. In addition,
the cruise line will obtain the names and addresses of a large group of people who enter the sweepstake. The
cruise line can then send these people more promotional information in the future. Coupons, premiums, and
rebates are promotional methods, but they are not methods that a cruise line would use to generate widespread
interest in a new cruise.
SOURCE: PR:082 Explain promotional methods used by the hospitality and tourism industry
SOURCE: Morello, R. (2019, March 5). Tourism promotion and marketing. Retrieved October 6, 2022, from
https://smallbusiness.chron.com/tourism-promotion-marketing-57157.html
89. D
Increased consistency. Increased consistency is a potential benefit of an organization’s implementation of
quality management. With quality-assurance plans in place, products should be more uniform and consistent.
Quality management should increase a unified organizational vision, but it does not necessarily keep it from
changing over time. It will not necessarily mean that the company pays lower taxes. Increased costs are a
disadvantage, not a benefit.
SOURCE: QM:001 Explain the nature of quality management
SOURCE: LAP-QM-001—Keep It Quality (Nature of Quality Management)
90. D
Business failure. While many risks that business face are insurable—including property damage, employee
health, and customer injury—uninsurable risks also exist. Most reputational risks, regulatory risks, trade secret
risks, political risks, and pandemic risks are uninsurable, as is the risk of business failure. There is no insurance
available to protect your business against bankruptcy; however, there is insurance available to cover financial
losses (caused by customer injuries, product recalls, etc.) that might lead to business failure and bankruptcy.
SOURCE: RM:062 Discuss the nature of enterprise risk management (ERM)
SOURCE: Kagan, J. (2021, October 26). Uninsurable risk. Retrieved October 6, 2022, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/u/uninsurable-risk.asp
91. B
Selling. Selling is determining customer needs and wants and responding through planned, personalized
communication that influences purchase decisions and enhances future business opportunities. Carlos is,
therefore, engaged in selling. Advertising is any paid form of nonpersonal presentation of ideas, goods, or
services. Distribution involves moving, storing, locating, and/or transferring ownership of goods or services.
Financing is a marketing function that involves understanding the financial concepts used in making business
decisions.
SOURCE: SE:017 Explain the nature and scope of the selling function
SOURCE: LAP-SE-017—Sell Away (The Nature and Scope of Selling)
92. A
Confidence. Using a step-by-step selling process helps salespeople remain organized, gaining customer
confidence. Customer confidence can in turn lead to closed sales. A salesperson's organization may or may not
earn customer praise, referrals, or admiration.
SOURCE: SE:048 Explain the selling process
SOURCE: LAP-SE-048—Set Your Sales (The Selling Process)

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1272

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

21

93. D
Read. Most salespeople regularly read the company's promotional materials to obtain useful selling information.
They read advertisements to obtain information about the features and benefits of current products being
promoted. They also read promotional brochures and direct-mail pieces to gather important information that
they can use to sell the products to customers. Salespeople do not copy or write the company's promotional
materials. They are not expected to buy the promotional materials which are available at no cost.
SOURCE: SE:062 Acquire product information for use in selling
SOURCE: LAP-SE-062—Get Informed (Acquiring Product Information for Use in Selling)
94. C
$9.53. Because the special involves only the dinner entrees, add together the prices of the steak dinners and
the shrimp dinner ($22.50 + $22.50 + $18.50 = $63.50). Then, multiply the total price of all the entrees by the
discount percentage amount to obtain the discount amount in dollars ($63.50 x 15% or .15 = $9.53).
SOURCE: SE:149 Process complimentary offers and coupons/discounts
SOURCE: Pal, T., Mucha, M., & Pamula, H. (2022, August 8). Discount calculator. Retrieved October 6, 2022,
from https://www.omnicalculator.com/finance/discount
95. C
Comfort. Some people prefer traveling to familiar places, which in turn, provides comfort. Adventure seekers
tend to enjoy visiting different locations and participating in a variety of activities. The situation does not provide
enough information to determine if price or prestige play a role in the travel motives or decisions.
SOURCE: SE:220 Explain factors that motivate people to choose a hospitality and tourism site
SOURCE: Kolter, P., Bowen, J.T., Makens, J.C., & Baloglu, S. (2017). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (7th
ed.) [pp. 164-170]. Boston, MA: Pearson Education, Inc.
96. A
Confirmation number at the end of the call. Confirmation numbers are codes that hotels use to validate and
track guests' reservations. When taking guests' reservations, the hotel reservationist should provide the guest
with a confirmation number near the conclusion of the call after the terms of the bookings have been set. Often,
hotels will also send an email to guests that contains their confirmation numbers. If guests need to make
changes to their reservations, they provide their confirmation numbers to the reservationists, which help them
access and change the guests' information quickly. Reservationists do not provide guests with daily transaction
codes, policy reference numbers, or arrival identification codes.
SOURCE: SE:477 Process telephone orders in hospitality and tourism
SOURCE: Hospitality-school.com. (n.d.). How to take reservation on phone. Retrieved October 6, 2022, from
https://www.hospitality-school.com/hotel-telephone-reservation
97. D
Special. A special order is a request for a custom product or a product that the property does not normally have
on hand. A blanket order is an order that covers all or part of a retailer's seasonal requirements. A standing
order is an order that involves sending specific products at set intervals. An open order is an order for staple
goods that is placed with one of several available vendors who can meet the business's immediate
requirements (e.g., time, price, quantity). Blanket orders typically are placed several months before the season
and do not contain detailed specifications or shipping dates.
SOURCE: SE:478 Process special orders in hospitality and tourism
SOURCE: Gordon, J. (2019, January 11). How to determine whether or not to accept a special order in
accounting. Retrieved October 6, 2022, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/determine-whethernot-accept-special-order-accounting-81542.html

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1272

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

22

98. C
Activate the gift cards for use. Gift cards are popular gifts that provide recipients with the flexibility to purchase
goods or services when they want to obtain or use them. Gift cards are similar to credit or debit cards in that
they have magnetic strips that transmit information during the payment process. Cashiers must activate the
card at the time the gift giver buys the gift card so the recipient can use it. Most businesses allow customers to
pay for gift cards by various methods including check, credit/debit cards, and cash. For customer relationship
management purposes, cashiers may ask customers for their telephone numbers; however, this action is not
required to complete the sales transaction. If the customer pays for the gift card with a credit or debit card, they
are required to sign the sales receipt.
SOURCE: SE:479 Sell gift certificates in hospitality and tourism
SOURCE: Crain, A. (2022, August 19). How to activate a gift card. Retrieved October 6, 2022, from
https://www.wikihow.com/Activate-a-Gift-Card
99. A
Assigning responsibility. Organizing is the management function of setting up the way the business's work will
be done. Assigning responsibility (establishing levels of authority) is an organizing activity. Hiring talented
workers is a staffing activity. Evaluating job performance is a controlling activity. Management can monitor and
adapt to external conditions but cannot control them.
SOURCE: SM:064 Explain managerial considerations in organizing
SOURCE: LAP-SM-064—Put It All Together (Managerial Considerations in Organizing)
100. C
The reason you do the things you do. Motivation is the process of getting employees to strive to achieve
management's objectives because they want to achieve them. Your motivation is the reason you do the things
you do, in your personal life and in the workplace. Motivation is not necessarily developing a team spirit,
communication between employees, or the example managers set for employees.
SOURCE: SM:066 Discuss managerial considerations in directing
SOURCE: LAP-SM-066—Take Action (Managerial Considerations in Directing)

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

