1. One of the reasons why a chain of hotels might analyze and interpret the marketing information contained in databases is to
A. compare variables.
B. organize products.
C. tabulate findings.
D. survey guests.

2. Which of the following is an accurate statement about sleep:
A. The amount of sleep people need varies from person to person.
B. Going to bed early will ensure that you get enough sleep.
C. The amount of sleep you get does not affect your health.
D. Everyone needs eight hours of sleep each night.

3. When preparing to deliver an oral presentation, the most important step is
A. practicing the delivery.
B. writing useful note cards.
C. conducting research.
D. choosing the best visual aid.

4. Quantum Cable customers can get internet, phone, and TV service for a single low price. This is an example of
A. product separation.
B. consumer demand.
C. combined marketing.
D. product bundling.

5. Which of the following is an example of motivation as a means of directing:
A. A manager pays attention to what time employees clock in.
B. Andy’s boss asks him to stay an hour late to finish his project.
C. Emmie praises her employees for quality work.
D. Employees engage in team-building exercises.

6. Countries record the flow of imports, exports, foreign aid, business investment, foreign investments, and money spent by tourists in order to determine their
A. number of multinationals.
B. volume of production.
C. balance of payments.
D. need for trade missions.

7. Jeremy's Nutrition Company brands its new J-Bar protein bar with a logo, tagline, and color scheme. What is the final stage of brand loyalty that new products like the J-Bar strive to reach?
A. Brand awareness
B. Brand preference
C. Brand insistence
D. Brand recognition

8. Which of the following is appropriate to include in a letter of application:
A. The reasons for your partner's frequent job changes
B. Your list of references
C. Your work experiences that relate to the job opening
D. The ages of your children

9. A company hangs a poster with its brand promise in its customer service department to make sure employees have the brand in mind. This is an example of a
A. private brand.
B. touchpoint.
C. logo.
D. brand cue.

10. An advertisement for a spa promotes its clean facility, gentle massage therapists, and peaceful atmosphere. The spa is communicating the core customer value of
A. relaxation.
B. sociability.
C. adventure.
D. knowledge.

11. To make it easier to track invoices, businesses should consider
A. only accepting electronic payments.
B. reminding clients of deadlines.
C. limiting their client base.
D. investing in invoice tracking software.

12. The price of merchandise in a market economy is controlled by
A. supply and demand.
B. consumers' knowledge.
C. business competition.
D. government decisions.

13. As a salesperson for a business specializing in high-priced electronic computers, which promotional tool are you most likely to use to communicate with buyers?
A. Personal selling
B. Sales promotion
C. Advertising
D. Publicity

14. Rita is upset with her employer because she always has to work during important holidays. This is an issue most likely associated with which type of workplace diversity?
A. Disability
B. Gender
C. Religion
D. Age

15. You've just come up with a great tagline for your company and want to use it on all marketing materials. Before publishing the new tagline, you should get it
A. trademarked.
B. notarized.
C. patented.
D. audited.

16. Employers should care about limiting employee stress because high stress in the workplace can contribute to
A. less employee turnover.
B. more absenteeism.
C. lower health care costs.
D. increased productivity.

17. One of the best ways to demonstrate exemplary customer service in the hospitality and tourism industry is to
A. offer discounts.
B. be frugal.
C. waive late fees.
D. be proactive.

18. Which of the following is most likely to have a negative impact on a beach destination's economy:
A. Floods and severe storm damage
B. Occasional airline delays
C. Fluctuations in gasoline prices
D. Hotel and restaurant construction

19. What do business owners consider when they select a business ownership structure?
A. Product versatility, advertising strategies, and personal circumstances
B. Personal circumstances, type of business, and product mix
C. Personal circumstances, financial needs, and type of business
D. Product versatility, financial needs, and advertising strategies

20. Whitley's ethical beliefs are the same whether she's at work, at school, or hanging out with her friends. Whitley follows
A. ethical principles.
B. ethical consequences.
C. situational beliefs.
D. popular beliefs.

21. Employees can help prevent losses from price-ticket switching by
A. putting individual price tickets on goods.
B. being familiar with regular product prices.
C. using more than one price ticket on goods.
D. using cost codes on all price tickets.

22. When is the best time for a front-desk hotel employee to recommend hospitality services, such as dining and exercise facilities, to a hotel guest?
A. During checkout
B. After posting charges
C. After posting credits
D. During check-in

23. Monika doesn't usually like to spend a lot of money when dining at restaurants, but tonight she added her sister's meal to her bill because they were celebrating her sister's birthday. In this situation, a __________ influence is guiding Monika's buying behavior.
A. psychological
B. social
C. cultural
D. situational

24. Determine whether the following statement is true or false: Employees must be taught how to use equipment properly and the potential dangers of not doing so.
A. False; employees understand the hazards of misusing equipment.
B. False; employees know which equipment is dangerous and which is not.
C. True; well-trained employees always use safety precautions.
D. True; the business is responsible for creating a safe work environment.

25. People that have authority have __________ power.
A. legitimate
B. coercive
C. expert
D. referent

26. Which of the following things is likely to occur if both buyers and sellers don't think that they are getting the best possible value:
A. A business will make more money.
B. A business will sell more of the product.
C. Customers will spend their money elsewhere.
D. Customers will continue to buy the product.

27. The development of cars and airplanes fueled the growth of the hospitality and tourism industry because these forms of transportation provided the general public with increased
A. mobility.
B. stability.
C. sensitivity.
D. creativity.

28. People with a positive attitude are open-minded, which helps them
A. develop patience.
B. learn new skills.
C. be intolerant.
D. remain cheerful.

29. To make it easier to find specific information in a business report, you should include a(n)
A. appendix.
B. table of contents.
C. title page.
D. introduction.

30. Which of the following types of hospitality and tourism information is most likely to be found in an online database:
A. Industry market trends
B. A restaurant's customer demographics
C. Customer reviews for a specific hotel
D. Competitors' sales data

31. What type of hotel security standard involves employing armed security guards in high-crime areas?
A. Procedure-related
B. Personnel-related
C. Physical-related
D. Property-related

32. Which of the following techniques involves capturing knowledge in a table by grouping similar variables, concepts, or properties:
A. Process model
B. Constrained task
C. Repertory grid
D. Concept map

33. Carefully selecting goods or services to sell is an example of handling business risks by __________ the risk.
A. retaining
B. preventing or controlling
C. transferring
D. avoiding

34. Which of the following is an example of what customers look for in a quality service:
A. Reliability
B. Serviceability
C. Destructibility
D. Durability

35. Human error is one of the leading causes of cybersecurity breaches. To protect customer data from being stolen or leaked by accident, hospitality and tourism companies should
A. assume that employees are incapable of protecting customer data.
B. trust their employees to adequately protect customer data.
C. avoid hiring anyone who can't pass a lie detector test.
D. implement cybersecurity training for employees.

36. As Ross develops his departmental budget, he must demonstrate the need for every expense and not rely on historical data. What method of budgeting is Ross using?
A. Master
B. Rolling
C. Zero-based
D. Relational

37. What personality trait are employees exhibiting by taking time to learn customers' names, talk in terms of customers' careers or hobbies, and listen carefully when customers are talking?
A. Tact
B. Interest
C. Honesty
D. Enthusiasm

38. The first step in protecting a business's digital assets is taking an inventory. This includes what information is on what media, where the information is located, and
A. how the information will be used.
B. costs associated with the information.
C. how the information is accessed.
D. order of information importance.

39. Which of the following is an important benefit businesses offer to their local communities:
A. Decreasing competition
B. Increasing tax rates
C. Running community affairs
D. Creating jobs

40. When writing a persuasive business message, you should remember to
A. communicate your personal goals.
B. describe the benefits to the audience.
C. open the message with a meaningful quote.
D. place the least important information at the beginning.

41. Rather than relying solely on a reception desk in the lobby, a hotel checks in its guests by using tablets that can access the hotel management system anywhere in the building to increase efficiency and convenience. This is an example of __________ impacting the hospitality and tourism industry.
A. globalization
B. social media
C. personalization
D. mobile devices

42. The best way to track any regulatory changes that might impact the hospitality and tourism industry is to
A. monitor government agency websites.
B. consult internet legal forums.
C. obtain a law degree.
D. check out library books.

43. Which of the following is a sign of legitimate investment opportunities:
A. Requesting payment by wiring money to a personal account
B. Realistic assessment of potential returns
C. Promises of risk-free investment opportunities
D. Pressure to invest as soon as possible

44. Which of the following is an example of a database system:
A. Scheduling software
B. A chart reflecting sales revenue
C. A marketing report
D. A library catalog

45. Austin has discovered that he has the ability and aptitude for communications and public relations. Since he enjoys talking in front of people and is very at ease when doing so, he has decided that he wants to go into public speaking. Austin has demonstrated
A. obtaining feedback from others.
B. establishing a value system.
C. the ethical principle of transparency.
D. choosing an appropriate career.

46. The question "Are you traveling for business or pleasure?" is an example of a __________ segmentation inquiry.
A. demographic
B. psychographic
C. choreographic
D. geographic

47. Leaders who share a belief in justice, a desire to do the right thing, and an awareness of the rights of other people can be said to have
A. competence.
B. emotional intelligence.
C. credibility.
D. integrity.

48. A credit plan that allows customers to make purchases that are within their credit limit and pay all or part of the balance due each month is referred to as a(n) __________ credit plan.
A. budget
B. open
C. revolving
D. coupon

49. Which of the following is a benefit that comes from tracking analytics:
A. Measuring the success of marketing campaigns
B. Preventing page bounces
C. Discovering new sales tactics
D. Saving money on web hosting costs

50. Owen and his lawyer have an agreement that protects the sensitive information that Owen shares. According to the agreement, Owen's attorney can't share his personal information with anyone else. This is an example of an agreement regarding
A. security.
B. confidentiality.
C. transparency.
D. privacy.
51. Which of the following is an example of a service provided by the hospitality industry:
A. Restaurant meals
B. Valet parking
C. Airline tickets
D. Electronic room keys

52. A company received a negative review on social media. How should the company respond to improve the customer's post-sales experience?
A. Apologize and attempt to rectify the problem
B. Ask the customer to comment again explaining the problem in more detail
C. Ignore the negative comment so others aren't encouraged to follow suit
D. Reply with a witty comment to improve brand image

53. Which of the following activities demonstrates human resources management:
A. The business gives its preferred customers a special discount.
B. The business acts on new information about a competitor.
C. The business includes top-level managers in long-term planning.
D. The business takes care of the responsibilities associated with having employees.

54. Which of the following is part of a firm's promotional mix:
A. Pricing
B. Product planning
C. Advertising
D. Distributing

55. A hotel that buys advertising space on a travel agency's website is using this form of promotion to
A. obtain publicity.
B. obtain an agency rating.
C. recruit new employees.
D. attract potential guests.

56. How are many businesses in the hospitality and tourism industry predominantly using social media?
A. To notify travelers of flight cancellations
B. To match travelers with others who have similar interests
C. To book travelers' upcoming trips
D. To provide a way for travelers to share their experiences

57. Which of the following statements is true of product/service management:
A. It is only useful for small businesses.
B. It is only necessary for large businesses.
C. It involves continuing to sell unsuccessful products.
D. It involves discovering new-product opportunities.

58. Separating responsibilities for cash transactions is one way businesses try to prevent
A. refunds.
B. competition.
C. fraud.
D. debt collection.

59. Hannah works for a travel agency. To help her managers better understand how many customers booked vacations to different countries last year, she created a pie chart to display the data. Hannah created the pie chart to
A. convey the most important information in an easy-to-grasp way.
B. provide the audience with less than the “full picture” of the data.
C. make complicated issues in the data set seem less important than they are.
D. help the audience absorb all the details and intricacies of the data.

60. The marketing function of selling involves __________ communication.
A. impersonal
B. scripted
C. unplanned
D. planned

61. James wants to borrow $2,500 to buy a car. Which of the following financial institutions is most likely to lend James the money:
A. Retail bank
B. Financial holding company
C. Mortgage company
D. Investment bank

62. A frequent customer is early for their Tuesday appointment with your coworker Antonio. What should you do or say to the customer?
A. Invite them to be seated in a waiting area.
B. Ignore them since they are familiar with the company.
C. Tell them that Antonio always runs late on Tuesdays.
D. Ask them what they think of Antonio's ability.

63. What is a realistic example of a benefit that employees could expect for reinforcing their company's environmentally friendly image?
A. Luncheon for employees who turn in reports on time
B. Bonus of $500 for finishing a project early
C. Airline ticket to the employee who recycles the most over one year
D. Extra day of vacation for riding a bike to work instead of driving

64. Taking a customer's order over the phone and accepting payment with a credit card is an example of
A. implementing a mailing system.
B. processing a financial transaction.
C. guaranteeing product satisfaction.
D. reducing the possibility of counterfeiting.

65. Creating a project's communications plan includes determining
A. when deliverables will be due.
B. how project changes will be handled.
C. what channels will be used.
D. how much the project will cost.

66. After ordering a new phone case, Heather was so satisfied with her purchase that she decided to share her opinion by writing a positive review online. She also told several of her family members, friends, and colleagues about the case. This is most likely an example of the __________ moment of truth.
A. second
B. first
C. ultimate
D. zero

67. What type of correspondence has Julia written when she sends several emails to companies requesting product information?
A. A proposal
B. An inquiry
C. An application
D. A short report

68. Which of the following is an example of a reorder:
A. Sims Steakhouse received six out of eight cases of glassware on Monday because the vendor ran out of stock.
B. The Powell Company did not order enough paper towels for the month, so it ordered an additional four cases.
C. Mr. and Mrs. Travis ordered a dining-room set in a wood finish that the furniture store doesn't normally carry.
D. Henry's Hardware Store ordered 35 model-N1 hammers and 2 cases of ¼” stainless steel bolts from Franklin Tool Manufacturers.

69. The SleepRight Motel has three floors of guest rooms, each with their own direct exit outside. The evacuation protocol for the motel is to direct guests out of their rooms and down the nearest flight of stairs. The Crowne Plaza Hotel is a fifteen-floor luxury hotel with fourteen floors of guest suites and one floor of ballrooms and administrative offices. The evacuation plan for the Crowne Plaza Hotel is to direct guests into the hallways to the nearest elevator or flight of stairs, depending on the circumstance. These examples demonstrate how __________ affects evacuation procedures in the hospitality industry.
A. severe weather
B. building layout
C. guest count
D. government regulation

70. When writing emails to customers and coworkers, it is important to remember that the messages
A. are often seen by people other than the recipients.
B. should be written in an entertaining, informal way.
C. are usually deleted as soon as they are read.
D. should include graphics to hold the reader's interest.

71. Which of the following is a benefit of the division of labor:
A. More direct oversight
B. Teamwork opportunities
C. Professional development
D. Increased efficiency

72. What is one thing you can do to protect yourself from becoming a victim of identity theft?
A. Use unusual passwords rather than your birth date to access your bank accounts.
B. Always pay with cash rather than credit cards or check.
C. Keep your passport with you at all times.
D. Place your Social Security number on all documents.

73. It is important for hotel employees to wear disposable gloves when emptying trash containers to
A. avoid direct contact with sharp objects and bacteria.
B. reduce the risk of inhaling dangerous fumes.
C. prevent damage to the floors and furniture.
D. decrease the risk of security breaches.

74. To be a successful entrepreneur, you should develop and continually improve your
A. financial and technical skills.
B. communication and creative writing skills.
C. technical skills and self-awareness.
D. creative writing and financial skills.

75. What do employees often obtain by solving customers' problems quickly and satisfactorily?
A. Repeat business
B. Personal service
C. Individual priority
D. Pleasant experience

76. Alicia is trying to persuade members of her work team to implement a new process. Because Alicia used this process with her former employer, she is very knowledgeable and knows what needs to be done to make a smooth transition. The work team is likely to go along with the change because Alicia has
A. demonstrated empathy.
B. exhibited cultural sensitivity.
C. coached others effectively.
D. established personal credibility.

77. Natalie is a research associate for a marketing research firm who spends a lot of her time on the internet obtaining various types of business information. Natalie can save time and easily return to websites that she frequently visits by using the __________ tool on her internet browser.
A. sorting
B. highlighting
C. classifying
D. bookmarking

78. Melanie recently graduated from college with a degree in hospitality management and has good organizational, communication, and management skills. Melanie enjoys traveling, sailing, and planning social events. Which of the following jobs in the hospitality and tourism industry best matches Melanie's skills and interests:
A. Ship safety officer
B. Resort housekeeping manager
C. Cruise director
D. Hotel food and beverage manager

79. Which of the following is a good strategy for resolving a customer service issue:
A. Keep the conversation in a public space
B. Agree with the customer's complaints
C. Allow the customer to express their feelings
D. Disagree with each negative statement

80. It is important for the salesperson to establish communication with a customer to
A. test the customer's mood.
B. choose a method of follow-up.
C. discover the customer's needs.
D. use feature-benefit selling.

81. When upselling to customers, it is important to
A. mention that you work on commission.
B. help customers make good buying decisions.
C. recommend at least three additional items.
D. suggest the better quality, higher priced item.

82. The manager of the Majesty Resort just quit in the middle of summer vacation season. They told the owner they felt too overwhelmed by all of the work they had to do. The owner of the Majesty Resort should have
A. increased staffing for peaks in demand.
B. closed down the resort during peaks in demand.
C. convinced the manager to stay.
D. hired a more responsible manager.

83. A significant cause of variability in a hotel's service is
A. differences in staff members' abilities.
B. standardized check-in procedures.
C. perishability of unsold rooms.
D. customer satisfaction surveys.

84. What is a likely result of accommodating a customer's special request?
A. The customer will become even more demanding.
B. The company will be perceived as inadequate.
C. The customer will generate word-of-mouth influence.
D. Other customers will feel they are not being treated fairly.

85. A restaurant patron wants to know what spices are in the soup. If the server doesn't know, they should
A. tell the customer there are no spices in the soup.
B. offer to check with the cook.
C. tell the customer they don't know.
D. name a few spices that probably are in the soup.

86. A coffee shop wants to appeal to young, tech-savvy consumers. To appeal to this demographic, the business should consider
A. purchasing a receipt printer.
B. gathering analytics from credit card payments.
C. accepting mobile credit card payments.
D. instituting a minimum amount for credit card payments.

87. Which of the following personal traits would be considered essential for success in most careers in hospitality and tourism:
A. Web design skills
B. Mathematical skills
C. Athletic skills
D. Communication skills

88. Reinhart's Bakery purchases thousands of pounds of flour each year from a local mill. Reinhart's Bakery is considered a(n) __________ customer.
A. personal
B. industrial
C. individual
D. group

89. A hotel owner plans to conduct secondary research to learn more about guest satisfaction. Which of the following options would be the most appropriate method of secondary research for the hotel owner:
A. Review customer comments in the hotel database
B. Interview the hotel staff members about guests' attitudes
C. Create a satisfaction survey to provide to all new guests
D. Observe hotel guests to determine their satisfaction

90. What software do hotels, resorts, and various transportation entities use to expedite the reservation process for customers?
A. Websites
B. Online booking
C. Customer relationship management
D. Customer reservation systems

91. Which of the following is an example of an open-ended question:
A. “How can you do better next time?”
B. “Can we meet tomorrow at 4:00 p.m.?”
C. “Are you willing to make the changes I suggested?”
D. “How many times did you practice this week?”

92. Why has enterprise risk management developed?
A. Declining quality standards
B. The elimination of certain insurance plans
C. Reduced government regulation
D. An increasingly diverse array of risks

93. An airline executive wants to know why sales are dropping. They are most likely to need to conduct primary research if
A. they have not conducted secondary research yet.
B. no one on their team has the information they need.
C. the airline has little money for research.
D. they have already exhausted their secondary research options.

94. Jessica, Adam, and Tanya wrote a research report together at work. To make the assignment easier for everyone, the group decided that each team member would write their own section of the report. As a result, the finished report lacked cohesion and clarity—and each section sounded distinctly different. Jessica, Adam, and Tanya should have
A. asked their supervisor for individual projects rather than a group report.
B. collaborated on the report to establish a common voice.
C. written an entire report each and chosen the best one to submit.
D. assigned one person to write the entire report.

95. Which of the following is a security consideration for people employed in the hospitality and tourism industry:
A. Unauthorized individuals found on the scene
B. Patron calling back to determine whether an item is in lost and found
C. Spilled water on a marble floor
D. Patron choking on food

96. A business's capabilities and resources are most likely to result in a competitive advantage if those capabilities and resources
A. are environmentally sustainable.
B. have high value in the market.
C. are relatively commonplace.
D. are difficult to maintain.

97. The primary purpose of environmental law is to
A. encourage business development.
B. safeguard business structures.
C. maintain competition in the marketplace.
D. protect natural resources.

98. Why should service employees always collect a coupon from customers rather than just keying the discount into the register?
A. The employer can be reimbursed double the amount on the coupon instead of at face value.
B. It speeds up the amount of time that it takes to complete the transaction.
C. Customers will likely become upset if the coupon is not taken from them.
D. The coupon provides evidence that the service was provided.

99. Appropriate information management can
A. create more jobs.
B. save time and money.
C. create more difficult decisions.
D. result in audits.

100. Which of the following is an example of a business obtaining raw-materials inventory:
A. A department-store chain orders shirts, ties, and socks from different vendors for resale.
B. A snack-food manufacturer orders potatoes, oil, and salt to make its potato chips.
C. An accounting firm orders pencils, copy paper, and post-it notes for its staff.
D. A petroleum processing plant orders a replacement part for a large piece of equipment.


/////

1. A
Compare variables. A chain of hotels might analyze and interpret the marketing information contained in
databases in order to compare several variables that change from property to property. For example, one hotel
might be located in an affluent suburb while another one is located in an urban area. The chain might analyze
the information in its database concerning both communities in order to make appropriate marketing decisions
such as the types of services to offer in each location. Although the chain provides the same types of goods and
services to both communities, it needs to analyze data in order to know if the consumers in each community
have different wants and needs. Before analyzing databases to compare variables, a chain of hotels might
survey guests and tabulate the findings. A chain would not analyze databases in order to organize products.
SOURCE: NF:185 Use database for information analysis
SOURCE: Bock, T. (n.d.). How to identify relevant variables for market segmentation. Retrieved September 27,
2023, from https://www.qresearchsoftware.com/how-to-identify-relevant-variables-for-marketsegmentation
2. A
The amount of sleep people need varies from person to person. It was once thought that everyone needed
eight hours of sleep every night. Studies now indicate that is not true. While the amount of sleep you get will
affect your health, you have to determine what amount is right for you. Going to bed early may give you an
adequate amount of rest, but it does not guarantee the amount of sleep you will get.
SOURCE: PD:002 Maintain appropriate personal appearance
SOURCE: LAP-PD-002—Brand Me (Personal Appearance)
3. A
Practicing the delivery. When preparing to deliver an oral presentation, practicing the delivery is most important
because it uncovers any problems with timing, transitions, note cards, visual aids, and even language.
Conducting research, writing useful note cards, and choosing the best visual aid are all important steps, but
they do not affect other areas as much as practice does.
SOURCE: CO:025 Make oral presentations
SOURCE: LAP-CO-025—Well Said! (Making Oral Presentations)
4. D
Product bundling. Product bundling occurs when a company sells a group of products for a lower price than if
the consumer purchased each product separately. One common “bundle” includes internet, phone, and TV
service. Consumer demand, product separation, and combined marketing are not terms used to describe
product bundling.
SOURCE: PM:041 Describe the nature of product bundling
SOURCE: Merritt, C. (2019, March 4). Bundle pricing strategy. Retrieved September 27, 2023, from
https://smallbusiness.chron.com/bundle-pricing-strategy-67049.html
5. C
Emmie praises her employees for quality work. Motivation is the process of getting employees to strive to
achieve management's objectives because they want to achieve them. Emmie is motivating her employees by
offering them praise when they achieve high-quality work. Paying attention to what time employees clock in,
team-building activities, and asking an employee to stay late to finish a project are not necessarily examples of
motivation.
SOURCE: SM:066 Discuss managerial considerations in directing
SOURCE: LAP-SM-066—Take Action (Managerial Considerations in Directing)

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1291

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

2

6. C
Balance of payments. Balance of payments is the difference between all monies coming into a country and
going out of a country. Nations need to have more money coming in than going out. The volume of production is
recorded to calculate productivity levels. The number of multinationals would show how many businesses have
facilities located abroad. A trade mission is a group of volunteer businesspeople sponsored by the government
to inform exporters about foreign markets.
SOURCE: EC:016 Explain the nature of global trade
SOURCE: LAP-EC-916—Beyond US (Global Trade)
7. C
Brand insistence. Brand insistence is the final stage of brand loyalty in which consumers insist upon buying a
specific brand. Brand awareness is one of the first stages of branding and is the extent to which customers or
potential customers are familiar with a brand. Brand preference comes before insistence and is the stage of
brand loyalty in which consumers prefer to purchase a certain brand but will accept substitutes if the brand is
not available. Brand recognition is the stage of brand loyalty in which consumers are made aware of a brand's
existence.
SOURCE: PM:021 Explain the nature of product/service branding
SOURCE: The Raymond Aaron Group. (n.d.). Building your brand—Brand insistence. Retrieved September 27,
2023, from http://aaron.com/2012/02/06/building-your-brand-%E2%80%93-number-4-%E2%80%93brand-insistence/
8. C
Your work experiences that relate to the job opening. The letter of application is intended to provide information
about the job applicant so the reader understands how the applicant is qualified for a specific job opening. It
should stress the applicant's strengths so the reader knows the person's qualifications and feels positively about
them. References are often provided once requested by the employer and are not necessary in a letter of
application. Only relevant information should be presented in the letter of application. The ages of the
applicant's children and reasons for a partner's frequent job changes are not considered relevant for most job
openings.
SOURCE: PD:030 Write a letter of application
SOURCE: Hansen, R.S. (n.d.). A job seeker's guide to successfully completing job applications. Retrieved
September 26, 2023, from https://www.livecareer.com/resources/jobs/search/job-applications
9. D
Brand cue. Brand cues are simple reminders of the brand's identity and values. Brand cues are a great way to
remind employees about the brand values and brand promise. Touchpoints are all the opportunities that
businesses have to connect with customers and reinforce their brand. Logos are distinctive symbols, designs,
or groups of letters. A private brand is owned by the intermediary (retailer, wholesaler, or other distributor) that
sells the brand rather than the manufacturer.
SOURCE: PM:206 Explain the nature of corporate branding
SOURCE: LAP-PM-206—Corporate Identity (Nature of Corporate Branding)

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1291

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

3

10. A
Relaxation. A core customer value is the basic need addressed by a product. For example, spa visitors often
seek (or need) relaxation. The spa is responding to this need by promoting its clean facility, gentle staff, and
peaceful atmosphere, which are not elements typically needed by those seeking adventure, sociability, or
knowledge.
SOURCE: PM:214 Communicate core values of product/service
SOURCE: Marketing-Insider. (2015, April 27). Three levels of product—Core value, actual product, and
augmented product. Retrieved September 27, 2023, from https://marketing-insider.eu/three-levels-ofproduct/
11. D
Investing in invoice tracking software. Invoice tracking software makes it easy to manage invoices automatically
and integrate the invoicing process with the rest of business operations. Only accepting electronic payments will
not necessarily make it easier to track invoices. Limiting a client base is not necessarily a smart business
decision and will not help the business grow. Reminding clients of deadlines is a good idea, but it will not
necessarily make the tracking process easier.
SOURCE: OP:184 Track invoices
SOURCE: Laurinavicius, T. (2016, December 6). How to track your invoices: The best tools. Retrieved
September 27, 2023, from https://www.huffingtonpost.com/tomas-laurinavicius/how-to-track-yourinvoice_b_12798332.html
12. A
Supply and demand. Basically, prices are set in a market economy by the amount of a product available for sale
(supply) and the amount that is desired by the market (demand). Governments set prices in command
economies. Competition in a market economy affects price but doesn't control it. The knowledge consumers
have about goods or services may affect their buying decisions but does not control prices.
SOURCE: EC:007 Explain the types of economic systems
SOURCE: LAP-EC-907—Who's the Boss? (Economic Systems)
13. A
Personal selling. Personal selling is planned, personalized communication intended to influence purchase
decisions. It is often used with high-priced or complex items. Advertising can be used to attract people to the
business but is not generally used by salespeople. Publicity is any nonpersonal presentation of ideas, goods, or
services that is not paid for by the individual or business that receives it. Sales promotion is activities such as
couponing, displays, contests, free samples, or rebates used to stimulate purchases. These are initiated by the
business, not the salesperson.
SOURCE: PR:001 Explain the role of promotion as a marketing function
SOURCE: LAP-PR-901—Razzle Dazzle (Nature of Promotion)
14. C
Religion. One issue associated with religious diversity is that different religions celebrate different holidays. If
Rita has to work during her most important holidays, it is likely that her employer does not have a policy that
accommodates religious diversity. Working during important holidays is not necessarily associated with gender,
disability, or age.
SOURCE: HR:515 Discuss issues associated with workplace diversity (e.g., ethnic, generational, religious,
gender)
SOURCE: McFarlin, K. (n.d.). How to manage religious diversity in the workplace. Retrieved September 26,
2023, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/manage-religious-diversity-workplace-10718.html

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1291

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

4

15. A
Trademarked. A trademark is a symbol, design, or word used to identify a good or service and registered with
the government to prevent use by others. A patent is the legal protection of an invention or a process granted
by government to its owners for a certain number of years. Notarizing authenticates a document legally
(normally used for titles, affidavits, depositions, etc.). Audits are used to verify a company's accounts, records,
and financial data.
SOURCE: OP:153 Protect company information and intangibles
SOURCE: USPTO. (2023, February 6). Trademark, patent, or copyright. Retrieved September 26, 2023, from
http://www.uspto.gov/trademarks-getting-started/trademark-basics/trademark-patent-or-copyright
16. B
More absenteeism. Stress can lead to absenteeism and tardiness at work. When absent workers are the norm,
employers have a hard time relying on employees, adhering to deadlines, and getting work done. Employers,
therefore, should take steps to limit employee stress as much as they can. High stress in the workplace also
leads to decreased productivity, increased health care costs, and higher employee turnover.
SOURCE: EI:028 Explain the nature of stress management
SOURCE: LAP-EI-028—Keep Your Cool (Stress Management)
17. D
Be proactive. While businesses should do everything they can to resolve customer issues once they are
received, it's also important to anticipate any issues to improve the customer experience. Anticipating these
issues—or being proactive—helps prevent the customer from having a negative experience. While offering
discounts or waiving late fees can be a nice touch, these actions don't take the place of strong customer
service. Being frugal involves aiming to spend only a small amount of money when possible. Being smart with
money is advantageous to businesses, but being frugal all of the time does not help businesses offer exemplary
customer service.
SOURCE: CR:049 Explain the nature of customer service in the hospitality and tourism industry
SOURCE: Amaresan, S. (2021, June 15). How to implement proactive customer service (& why you should).
Retrieved September 26, 2023, from https://blog.hubspot.com/service/proactive-customer-service
18. A
Floods and severe storm damage. Floods and storms can cause damage that shuts down lodging facilities,
restaurants, tourist attractions, airports, and roads. When businesses are not operating and generating income,
the local economy is negatively impacted. Occasional airline delays and minor fluctuations in gasoline prices
are normal, so these factors do not typically negatively affect a community's economic health. Hotel and
restaurant construction indicates that the local economy is growing.
SOURCE: EC:136 Explain the relationship between the economy and hospitality and tourism
SOURCE: Hendry, T. (2018, November 7). Natural disaster readiness and recovery - How hotels weather the
storm. Retrieved September 26, 2023, from https://www.strategicsolutionpartners.com/naturaldisaster-readiness-recovery-hotels-weather-storm/
19. C
Personal circumstances, financial needs, and type of business. Because each business owner's situation is
unique, the owner must consider the type of business being operated, the amount of capital needed to start the
business, and the owner's personal circumstances. For example, an independently wealthy, single person who
starts a consulting business has different needs than a chef who has little capital and wants to open a fullservice restaurant. Product versatility, advertising strategies, and product mix are not generally considered
when determining the appropriate business ownership structure.
SOURCE: BL:003 Explain types of business ownership
SOURCE: LAP-BL-003—Own It Your Way (Types of Business Ownership)

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1291

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

5

20. A
Ethical principles. Following ethical principles means Whitley’s ethical beliefs don’t change when she’s in a new
situation. She follows the same ethical principles no matter where she is or whom she’s with. Her ethics are not
situational and may not be in line with popular beliefs. If Whitley did not behave ethically, she could face
negative consequences.
SOURCE: EI:123 Describe the nature of ethics
SOURCE: LAP-EI-123—Rules to Live By (Nature of Ethics)
21. B
Being familiar with regular product prices. Employees who are familiar with regular prices will notice an item that
seems to be priced too low. They can take a moment to verify the price without offending an honest customer. A
dishonest customer will realize the business is watching for attempts at fraud. The use of cost codes on price
tickets and the use of more than one price ticket are not effective prevention practices because price-ticket
switching can still go unnoticed if employees are not familiar with the prices. Not using price tickets on items
creates unfavorable shopping conditions for customers and requires additional time for salespeople to check
prices.
SOURCE: OP:013 Explain routine security precautions
SOURCE: Elements Magazine. (2022, May 24). 5 common retail fraud tactics (and how to prevent
them). Retrieved September 26, 2023, from https://www.pbahealth.com/elements/5-common-retailfraud-tactics-and-how-to-prevent-them/
22. D
During check-in. Hotel employees should inform guests of the hotel's services and amenities during the checkin process. Guests who are not aware that the hotel offers certain services will not use them, which can affect
the guests' experience during their stay and can affect the hotel's sales. For example, a guest who does not
realize that the hotel has an on-site restaurant will not dine there. As a result, the hotel's food and beverage
division loses potential revenue. Advising guests about services during checkout is not beneficial to the guest or
to the hotel. Posting is a term that describes adding or subtracting charges to a guest's bill.
SOURCE: SE:221 Recommend hospitality and tourism services
SOURCE: Openkey. (2018, March 15). 6 ways to improve your hotel front desk team performance. Retrieved
September 27, 2023, from https://www.openkey.co/2018/03/15/6-ways-to-improve-your-hotel-frontdesk-team-performance/
23. D
Situational. There are times when specific situations can override the more dominant influences on buying
behavior, such as culture or personality. While Monika might not normally spend money when dining out, she
made an exception in this case because it was a special occasion: her sister's birthday. Psychological influence
involves a consumer's perceptions, beliefs, and attitudes within their own reality. Social interactions have a
strong effect on your buying behavior, as much of what you know about making purchases you've learned by
watching family and friends. The most significant influence on buying behavior is culture, which is the system of
values, traditions, and preferences that is handed down from one generation to the next.
SOURCE: MK:014 Explain factors that influence customer/client/business buying behavior
SOURCE: LAP-MK-014—Cause and Effect (Buying Behavior)

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1291

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

6

24. D
True; the business is responsible for creating a safe work environment. When there is potentially dangerous
equipment in the workplace, employees should be instructed in the safe use of the equipment and the potential
danger to themselves and others of not doing so. Even when such training is given, employees may become
careless or forget to use safety precautions. It is not always obvious that equipment can be hazardous.
SOURCE: OP:007 Follow safety precautions
SOURCE: Simplified Safety. (2023). How to create a safe working environment. Retrieved September 26, 2023,
from https://simplifiedsafety.com/blog/how-to-create-a-safe-working-environment/
25. A
Legitimate. People that have authority have legitimate power—the formal or legal right to give directions and
commands to others. People with authority may also utilize other forms of power, such as coercive, referent, or
expert power, but not necessarily.
SOURCE: EI:135 Use power appropriately
SOURCE: LAP-EI-135—Power Play (Using Power Appropriately)
26. C
Customers will spend their money elsewhere. Pricing is like a tug-of-war between buyers and sellers. Both are
trying to get the most value from the good or service. The trick to pricing comes in balancing and satisfying both
groups. Both buyers and sellers need to perceive that they are getting the best possible value they can. If this
doesn't happen, customers may spend their money elsewhere, either on a similar product (if one is available) or
on an entirely different product. A business may make less money if both buyers and sellers don't think that they
are getting the best possible value. Customers are not likely to continue to buy the product, and the business is
not likely to sell more of the product.
SOURCE: PI:001 Explain the nature and scope of the pricing function
SOURCE: LAP-PI-001—The Price Is Right (Nature of Pricing)
27. A
Mobility. Automobiles, airplanes, roads, and highway systems have made travel faster and easier and increased
individuals' mobility. As a result, the demand for hospitality services has increased because more people are
traveling for business and pleasure. The development and widespread use of cars and airplanes has not
increased the general public's sensitivity, creativity, or stability.
SOURCE: PD:105 Describe the development of the hospitality and tourism industry
SOURCE: Extension Foundation. (2019, July 25). What are the differences between mobility, accessibility, and
connectivity in transportation planning? Retrieved September 27, 2023, from https://communityplanning.extension.org/what-are-the-differences-between-mobility-accessibility-and-connectivity-intransportation-planning/
28. B
Learn new skills. People with a positive attitude are open-minded and receptive to new ideas and new ways of
doing things. This makes it easier for them to learn new skills, techniques, and methods. Being open-minded
does not help individuals remain cheerful or develop patience. Being intolerant is the result of a negative
attitude.
SOURCE: EI:019 Exhibit a positive attitude
SOURCE: LAP-EI-003—Opt for Optimism (Positive Attitude)

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1291

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

7

29. B
Table of contents. When preparing a business report, it is often a good idea to include a table of contents, the
portion of a document in which the sections are listed with their page numbers for easy navigation. This allows a
reader to sift through a lengthy document to find the needed information. While title pages, introductions, and
appendices are also helpful in a written business report, their main purposes are not to make it easier to find
specific information.
SOURCE: NF:292 Prepare written reports for hospitality and tourism decision-making
SOURCE: University of Nevada Writing & Speaking Center. (n.d.). How to write a business report. Retrieved
September 27, 2023, from https://www.unr.edu/writing-speaking-center/student-resources/writingspeaking-resources/how-to-write-a-business-report
30. A
Industry market trends. Online databases are sources of scholarly research such as journal and news articles
related to a particular topic—in this case, hospitality and tourism. In an online database, you might find
information such as industry market trends. Customer reviews for a specific hotel, competitors' sales data, and
a restaurant's customer demographics might be found online but would not necessarily be found in an online
database.
SOURCE: NF:286 Obtain hospitality and tourism information from online sources (e.g., search engines, online
databases, blogs, forums, listservs, web analytics, social media, geolocation services)
SOURCE: EBSCO. (2023). Hospitality & tourism index. Retrieved September 27, 2023, from
https://www.ebsco.com/products/research-databases/hospitality-tourism-index
31. B
Personnel-related. These standards involve hiring security personnel and/or training hotel staff members to
report and deal with criminal activity. Physical-related and property-related security standards involve locking,
lighting, and monitoring systems. Procedure-related standards involve monitoring criminal activity and
establishing a system for making guests aware of dangerous areas around the hotel.
SOURCE: BL:065 Explain the nature of regulations affecting the hospitality and tourism industry
SOURCE: OPS Security Group. (n.d.) 6 benefits of hiring armed security guards for your business. Retrieved
September 26, 2023, from https://opssecuritygroup.com/6-benefits-of-hiring-armed-security-guardsfor-your-business/
32. C
Repertory grid. A repertory grid captures and rates knowledge in a table. Knowledge managers use the table to
categorize similar or related variables, concepts, or properties. A concept map organizes concepts and their
relationships in a graphic format. A process model is used to capture all of the inputs and outputs of an action,
procedure, or process in sequential stages. The constrained task approach involves the use of questionnaires
and structured interviews to capture the most important or “key” knowledge from experts.
SOURCE: KM:005 Identify techniques that can be used to capture and transfer knowledge in an organization
SOURCE: Neimeyer, R.A. (2016). Repertory grid methods. Retrieved September 26, 2023, from
https://kellysociety.org/repgrids.html
33. B
Preventing or controlling. Making careful, wise choices of goods or services to sell is one way management can
prevent or control risks. Avoiding risk means not being exposed to risk at all. Transferring risk is passing the risk
to someone else. Retaining risk is keeping it.
SOURCE: EC:011 Determine factors affecting business risk
SOURCE: LAP-EC-003—Lose, Win, or Draw (Business Risk)

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1291

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

8

34. A
Reliability. A reliable service is one that is consistently performed well. Customers look for reliability in the
services they use so that they can rest assured that the job will be done and done well. Serviceability, durability,
and destructibility are all words used to describe tangible products, not services. A serviceable product is one
that can be maintained or repaired. A durable product is one that performs its purpose for a long period of time.
A destructible product is one that can be destroyed.
SOURCE: QM:001 Explain the nature of quality management
SOURCE: LAP-QM-001—Keep It Quality (Nature of Quality Management)
35. D
Implement cybersecurity training for employees. Many cybersecurity breaches occur because of human error
from within an organization. Employees may unwittingly leak sensitive customer data or fall prey to internal
phishing scams. For this reason, it is essential that hospitality and tourism companies implement cybersecurity
training for employees. Employees should be educated on the proper handling of private information as well as
how to recognize signs of suspicious activity. Companies should not simply trust that employees will adequately
protect customer data; they should educate their employees so that they are properly prepared. At the same
time, they should not assume that employees are completely incapable of protecting customer data. Most
employees are willing and able to learn how to better protect customer data. Lie detector tests are not typically
used when hiring employees.
SOURCE: OP:518 Comply with strategies to protect digital customer data (e.g., information about customers,
customers' credit-card numbers, passwords, customer transactions)
SOURCE: Social Tables. (2023). Cybersecurity for hotels: 6 threats just around the corner from your
property. Retrieved September 27, 2023, from https://www.socialtables.com/blog/hospitality/cybersecurity-hotels/
36. C
Zero-based. Budgets are estimations of income and expenses. In zero-based budgeting, managers are
required to show the need for every expense that they expect their departments or companies to incur within a
set time period. A rolling or continuous budget replaces each passing month with a new month added to the end
of the budget, so that there is always a year-long budget in place. A master budget is a comprehensive budget
for the entire company and includes all company functions and departments. Relational is not a type of budget.
SOURCE: FI:106 Describe the nature of budgets
SOURCE: LAP-FI-106—Money Tracks (Nature of Budgets)
37. B
Interest. Loyal customers are developed by salespeople who show sincere interest in their customers.
Salespeople can win friends, as well as sales, by showing interest in customers and their problems. Enthusiasm
refers to the excitement that a salesperson shows toward the product being sold. Honest salespeople never
misrepresent or knowingly deceive customers. Tact is the skill of being able to do or say the proper thing in any
given situation.
SOURCE: EI:020 Demonstrate interest and enthusiasm
SOURCE: FlippingBook. (2023, August 11). 12 ways to show clients you care. Retrieved September 26, 2023,
from https://flippingbook.com/blog/marketing-tips/showing-clients-you-care

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1291

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

9

38. C
How the information is accessed. An effective digital inventory records what information is on what media,
where the information is located, and how it is accessed. The order of importance, costs associated with the
information, and how the information will be used are not as important while inventorying digital assets.
SOURCE: OP:517 Comply with strategies for protecting business' digital assets (e.g., website, social media,
email, etc.)
SOURCE: Fastmetrics. (n.d.). How to properly manage digital assets. Retrieved September 27, 2023, from
https://www.fastmetrics.com/blog/security/how-to-manage-digital-assets/
39. D
Creating jobs. Increased employment in a community results in an increased local tax base. A larger tax base
increases a community's service offerings to residents. Also, merchants will benefit from the increased spending
power of citizens who work and, thereby, encourage competition for their consumer dollars. Tax rates will not
usually be increased because of businesses. Businesses may participate in, but do not usually run, community
affairs.
SOURCE: EC:070 Explain the role of business in society
SOURCE: LAP-EC-070—Business Connections (Business and Society)
40. B
Describe the benefits to the audience. The primary goal of a persuasive message is to influence behavior.
Influencing others involves communicating benefits of taking action. The readers are more likely to respond
favorably to the message if they know how the action will impact or help them. Communicating benefits is a
central element to all types of persuasive messages. The beginning of the message should catch the readers'
attention and encourage them to read more. Depending on the type of message, this might involve a quote. The
message should be concise, so it should not contain unimportant information. The message should be written to
communicate the business's goals rather than personal ones.
SOURCE: CO:031 Write persuasive messages
SOURCE: Williams, E. (2018, October 19). Effective persuasive communication. Retrieved September 26,
2023, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/effective-persuasive-communication-56248.html
41. D
Mobile devices. A mobile device is a computer that is small enough to be handheld, such as a smartphone or
tablet. The small size of the device allows for greater mobility than a larger, stagnant computer and provides
increased efficiency and convenience for consumers. Social media include forms of electronic communications
through which users build communities, network, share information, etc. Globalization is the rapid and
unimpeded flow of capital, labor, and ideas across national borders. Personalization involves tailoring a product
or service to fit individual needs or wants. Social media, globalization, and personalization are not demonstrated
in this example.
SOURCE: NF:060 Explain ways that technology impacts the hospitality and tourism industry
SOURCE: BU School of Hospitality Administration. (n.d.). Technology shaping the future of the hospitality
industry. Retrieved September 27, 2023, from https://www.bu.edu/hospitality/2023/01/26/technologytrends-in-hospitality/

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1291

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

10

42. A
Monitor government agency websites. Tracking and staying on top of regulatory changes within the hospitality
and tourism industry is important, and there are several ways to do so: monitoring regulatory agency websites
(like OSHA's), following regulatory agencies on social media, joining industry associations, etc. Consulting
internet forums for regulatory changes might not result in accurate information. Checking out a library book
might not result in updated information. A law degree would not provide updates on relevant regulatory
changes.
SOURCE: NF:287 Track environmental changes that impact hospitality and tourism (e.g., technological
changes, guest trends, economic changes, regulatory changes)
SOURCE: Sharp, K. (2022, January 13). 8 easy ways to keep up with regulatory changes. Retrieved
September 27, 2023, from https://www.perillon.com/blog/6-easy-ways-to-keep-up-with-regulatorychanges
43. B
Realistic assessment of potential returns. A financial professional who is presenting a legitimate investment
opportunity will provide a realistic assessment of potential returns. Promises of risk-free investment
opportunities, pressure to invest as soon as possible, and requesting payment by wiring money to a personal
account are warning signs of investment fraud.
SOURCE: FI:077 Explain types of investments
SOURCE: LAP-FI-077—Invest for Success (Types of Investments)
44. D
A library catalog. Database systems organize data for easy retrieval. A library catalog helps libraries organize
data and retrieve information about books easily. A chart reflecting sales revenue, a marketing report, and
scheduling software are all useful business tools but are not examples of database systems.
SOURCE: NF:141 Access information in the database system
SOURCE: Oracle. (2023). What is a database? Retrieved September 26, 2023, from
https://www.oracle.com/database/what-is-database/
45. D
Choosing an appropriate career. Each of us has a unique combination of abilities and aptitudes for particular
skills. Choosing a career is done by deciding which career matches one's abilities and aptitudes. Establishing a
value system is developing your values, identifying which are most important to you, and creating a personal
value system. Obtaining feedback from others refers to getting the thoughts and reactions from others about
you and your behavior. Transparency is the quality of being just as one seems, which Austin has not
necessarily demonstrated here.
SOURCE: PD:013 Assess personal interests and skills needed for success in business
SOURCE: McKay, D.R. (2019, May 14). How to use self assessment tools to choose a career. Retrieved
September 26, 2023, from https://www.liveabout.com/self-assessment-tools-choose-a-career526172

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1291

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

11

46. B
Psychographic. Psychographic segmentation is the division of a market on the basis of customers' personalities
and lifestyles, including income, interests, and activities. People traveling for business can have vastly different
price points and planned activities than those traveling for pleasure, so asking whether they are traveling for
business or pleasure gives employees a better sense of their psychographic needs. Geographic segmentation
is the division of a market on the basis of where customers are located. Demographic segmentation is the
division of a market on the basis of its physical and social characteristics. Choreographic refers to dancing and
is not a type of segmentation.
SOURCE: MP:035 Identify ways to segment hospitality and tourism markets
SOURCE: SurveyMonkey. (1999-2023). What is psychographic segmentation? Retrieved September 26, 2023,
from https://www.surveymonkey.com/market-research/resources/what-is-psychographicsegmentation/
47. D
Integrity. People with integrity adhere to an established set of personal ethics and sound moral principles;
leaders tend to share a belief in justice, a desire to do the right thing, and an awareness of the rights of other
people. Competence, emotional intelligence, and credibility are other, separate leadership characteristics.
Competence is the ability to do what needs to be done. Emotional intelligence is the ability to recognize and
manage emotions in ourselves and in others. Credibility is how much people believe what you say.
SOURCE: EI:009 Explain the concept of leadership
SOURCE: LAP-EI-909—Lead the Way (Concept of Leadership)
48. C
Revolving. A revolving credit account limits the total amount of money that may be owed. Revolving account
customers who do not pay the full amount each month are charged interest on the unpaid balance. A budget
credit plan is a short-term credit plan, typically for two to three months. An open (account) credit plan is a
regular credit plan requiring payment in full at the end of each credit period. A coupon credit plan issues
coupons to be paid for over a period of time and to be used by customers in making purchases.
SOURCE: FI:002 Explain the purposes and importance of credit
SOURCE: LAP-FI-002—Give Credit Where Credit Is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
49. A
Measuring the success of marketing campaigns. Web analytics allow you to collect data about visitors to your
website. One of the benefits of doing so is being able to measure the success of digital marketing campaigns.
You can track which campaigns lead to more page views and clicks, which allows you to make smarter
marketing decisions in the future. While tracking analytics can help you reduce page bounces, it does not
prevent them altogether. Tracking analytics is not necessarily related to discovering new sales tactics. Finally,
tracking analytics does not necessarily save money on web hosting costs.
SOURCE: NF:205 Use analytical tracking tools
SOURCE: FasterCapital. (2023, June 14). The benefits of measuring your marketing campaigns. Retrieved
September 27, 2023, from https://fastercapital.com/content/The-benefits-of-measuring-yourmarketing-campaigns.html

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1291

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

12

50. B
Confidentiality. Confidentiality refers to the agreement of an individual or party not to share the sensitive
information of another individual or party. Most lawyers have confidentiality agreements with their clients that
protect the sensitive details of the clients' cases from being shared with others. While similar to confidentiality,
privacy and security differ in important ways. Privacy is the right of an individual to keep their information to
themselves, while security is the protection of sensitive data or items that are housed in a database or other
storage facility. Transparency refers to openness or honesty. This example best describes a confidentiality
agreement.
SOURCE: OP:441 Explain information privacy, security, and confidentiality considerations in business
SOURCE: Milano, S. (2018, June 29). What is the meaning of confidentiality in the workplace? Retrieved
September 26, 2023, from https://work.chron.com/meaning-confidentiality-workplace-21886.html
51. B
Valet parking. A service is an intangible product; one that can be felt, seen, heard, or experienced rather than
touched. Many hospitality businesses offer valet parking as a service for their guests. Valet parking service
occurs when a hotel or restaurant employee parks and retrieves the guests' vehicles upon the guests' arrival or
departure from the business (e.g., hotel, restaurant). Meals, airline tickets, and electronic room keys are
tangible items.
SOURCE: PM:095 Describe services offered by the hospitality and tourism industry
SOURCE: CFI. (2023, May 11). Products and services. Retrieved September 27, 2023, from
https://corporatefinanceinstitute.com/resources/management/products-and-services/
52. A
Apologize and attempt to rectify the problem. When a company receives a negative review on social media, it
should use the platform to publicly acknowledge the customer. This gives the customer the attention and
respect they are seeking, as well as demonstrating that the company cares about its customers. The company
should not ignore the negative comment because this makes it appear that the customer's opinion does not
matter. Replying with a witty comment will not necessarily improve brand image because the customer might
feel insulted or belittled. While it is a good idea to gather more information about the problem, it might be wise
for the company to do so privately rather than publicly in a comment.
SOURCE: CR:028 Use digital media to enhance customer post-sales experience
SOURCE: Schiff, J.L. (2015, September 15). 7 ways social media can improve customer satisfaction. Retrieved
September 26, 2023, from https://www.cio.com/article/245133/7-ways-social-media-can-improvecustomer-satisfaction.html
53. D
The business takes care of the responsibilities associated with having employees. Human resources
management involves taking care of the responsibilities associated with having employees. Giving preferred
customers a special discount is part of marketing. Including top-level managers in long-term planning is part of
strategic management. And, acting on new information about a competitor can be marketing and/or operations.
SOURCE: EC:071 Describe types of business activities
SOURCE: LAP-EC-071—Strictly Business (Business Activities)
54. C
Advertising. Advertising is any paid form of nonpersonal presentation of ideas, images, goods, or services. The
promotional mix is the combination of advertising, publicity, personal selling, and sales promotion that a
business uses. Product planning, pricing, distribution, and promotion are all part of the marketing process.
SOURCE: PR:003 Identify the elements of the promotional mix
SOURCE: LAP-PR-903—Spread the Word (Nature of the Promotional Mix)

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1291

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

13

55. D
Attract potential guests. Hotel advertising on websites is intended to catch the attention of people making travel
plans and prompt them to make reservations at the hotel. Buying advertising is not a method of obtaining
publicity or a rating from a travel agency. A website ad is not an appropriate channel for recruiting new
employees.
SOURCE: PR:082 Explain promotional methods used by the hospitality and tourism industry
SOURCE: Altexsoft. (2019, December 23). Marketing for travel agencies: Understanding and surviving the
online travel industry. Retrieved September 27, 2023, from https://www.altexsoft.com/blog/travelagency-marketing/
56. D
To provide a way for travelers to share their experiences. The internet has provided a mechanism through
social media for satisfied and unsatisfied customers to tell others about their experiences with a business. The
comments of other customers are viewed as more credible statements than advertisements from the business.
Therefore, travel and tourism businesses are providing this forum so that satisfied customers can spread the
good word, while any problems identified can be addressed and corrections made, if needed. Hospitality and
tourism businesses are not predominantly using social media to connect travelers with similar interests, to book
travelers' upcoming trips, or to notify travelers of flight cancellations.
SOURCE: NF:048 Describe current issues and trends in the hospitality and tourism industry
SOURCE: Greenlaw, M. (2022, December 13). The power of social media in the hotel & hospitality
industry. Retrieved September 27, 2023, from https://uphotel.agency/the-power-of-social-media-inthe-hotel-and-hospitality-industry/
57. D
It involves discovering new-product opportunities. Product/Service management involves discovering newproduct opportunities. Product/Service management is important for all businesses, not just small or large ones.
Product/Service management involves eliminating unsuccessful products, not continuing to sell them.
SOURCE: PM:001 Explain the nature and scope of the product/service management function
SOURCE: LAP-PM-017—Serving Up Products (Nature of Product/Service Management)
58. C
Fraud. Separating responsibilities so that no one person oversees the life span of a single financial transaction
is one way that businesses try to prevent fraud, which is criminal deception committed for financial gain. If more
than one person is involved in the transaction, successfully committing fraud becomes much more difficult.
Separating business responsibilities does not prevent competition, refunds, or debt collection.
SOURCE: FI:113 Explain cash control procedures (e.g., signature cards, deposit slips, internal/external
controls, cash clearing, etc.)
SOURCE: AccountingTools. (2023, February 26). Separation of duties. Retrieved September 26, 2023, from
https://www.accountingtools.com/articles/what-is-separation-of-duties.html

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1291

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

14

59. A
Convey the most important information in an easy-to-grasp way. Data that are displayed in charts, graphs, or
tables are often easier to understand than data that are presented in their raw form. By presenting her data in a
pie chart, Hannah helped her managers understand the most important takeaways from the data set. There are
disadvantages to using charts, graphs, and tables, too. For example, these visuals can often make complicated
issues seem less important than they truly are, leading the audience to miss out on the complexity of the
problem or issue at hand. Similarly, charts, tables, and graphs do not allow the audience to absorb all of the
details and intricacies of the data set being presented. In other words, they do not provide the audience with the
“full picture.”
SOURCE: NF:289 Display hospitality and tourism data in charts/graphs or in tables
SOURCE: Campbell, P. (2018, June 27). What are the advantages and disadvantages of creating a chart?
Retrieved September 27, 2023, from https://classroom.synonym.com/advantages-disadvantagecreating-chart-8470193.html
60. D
Planned. Selling is planned communication. That doesn't mean that salespeople read off scripts—instead, it
means that salespeople have spent time learning about their products and figuring out what clients want and
need. Selling is also personal communication, meaning that it should be tailored to each unique customer.
SOURCE: SE:017 Explain the nature and scope of the selling function
SOURCE: LAP-SE-017—Sell Away (The Nature and Scope of Selling)
61. A
Retail bank. Retail banks offer a variety of services for consumers including checking and savings accounts,
credit cards, and automobile loans. An investment bank is a financial intermediary that underwrites securities
and facilitates mergers. Mortgage companies process loans specifically designed for the purchase of real
estate—land, residences, and other types of buildings. Financial holding companies own one or more
commercial banks and/or investment banks.
SOURCE: FI:075 Describe types of financial-services providers
SOURCE: Majaski, C. (2023, May 18). Retail banking vs. corporate banking: What's the difference? Retrieved
September 26, 2023, from https://www.investopedia.com/articles/general/071213/retail-banking-vscommercial-banking.asp
62. A
Invite them to be seated in a waiting area. It is important to be friendly and make all visitors feel welcome.
Ignoring a visitor can make them feel unwelcome. Telling a customer that an associate always runs late or
asking for opinions of their performance is unprofessional and may make the visitor feel uncomfortable.
SOURCE: CR:052 Identify factors associated with positive customer experiences
SOURCE: Martin, M.J. (2017, September 26). How to greet clients at the office. Retrieved September 26, 2023,
from https://bizfluent.com/how-8684581-greet-clients-office.html

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1291

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

15

63. D
Extra day of vacation for riding a bike to work instead of driving. Biking reduces car pollution. When others see
the company's employees riding their bikes, it reinforces the company's image as environmentally friendly. The
company is encouraging this behavior by offering a reward. A bonus of $500 for finishing a project early may be
important to employees and effective in motivating them to work efficiently, but it is not seen by others outside
the organization so it doesn't reinforce the company's image. In addition, finishing early is not an activity that is
perceived as environmentally friendly. Although recycling does reinforce the "green" image, there are two
problems with this response. First, those outside the company aren't likely to see employees recycling, so it
won't boost the company's image. Second, airplanes pollute the environment, so the award is not aligned with
the company's green image. The luncheon may motivate employees to turn in reports in a timely manner, but
nothing about this incentive or reward reinforces the company's environmentally friendly image.
SOURCE: CR:002 Determine ways of reinforcing the company's image through employee performance
SOURCE: Inc.com. (n.d.). Employee reward and recognition systems. Retrieved September 26, 2023, from
https://www.inc.com/encyclopedia/employee-reward-and-recognition-systems.html
64. B
Processing a financial transaction. When selling goods or services over the telephone, it is necessary to
process the financial transaction. Many customers order products over the phone and pay with a credit card.
When the business takes the credit card information from the customer, it then processes the information to
complete the transaction of transferring funds to the business's account. Once the transaction is completed, the
business has received payment for the tickets. Taking a customer's order over the phone and accepting
payment with a credit card does not guarantee product satisfaction or reduce the possibility of counterfeiting. In
many cases, products purchased over the phone are mailed to customers. However, taking the order and
accepting payment is not an example of implementing a mailing system.
SOURCE: SE:329 Process sales transactions (e.g., cash, credit, check)
SOURCE: Payment Depot. (n.d.). How to accept credit card payments over the phone. Retrieved September
27, 2023, from https://paymentdepot.com/blog/how-to-accept-credit-card-payments-over-the-phone/
65. C
What channels will be used. Creating a communications plan includes determining what channels will be used
for sending information throughout the work team. Determining how project changes will be handled is part of
the change-management plan. Determining how much the project will cost happens a bit later in the projectplanning process. Determining when deliverables will be due is part of the project-scheduling process.
SOURCE: OP:001 Develop project plan
SOURCE: LAP-OP-001—Chart Your Course (Developing a Project Plan)
66. C
Ultimate. Heather writing a positive review of the phone case and sharing the information with her family
members, friends, and colleagues is an example of the ultimate moment of truth. The ultimate moment of truth
is the final stage in shaping a meaningful experience for the customer. It is when the customer begins to share
their experiences with others and thus creates more zero moments of truth (the first possible moment of contact
between a brand or product and the customer). When a problem arises, the customer will go searching for a
solution. The first moment of truth occurs when the potential customer first comes into contact with a specific
product. It focuses on the impression they form when they see the product for the first time and learn more
about it. The second moment of truth takes place when the customer truly experiences what the company is
offering. It is the ongoing relationship with a product and the things customers can think, see, hear, touch, or
smell about the product or brand over the lifetime of the relationship.
SOURCE: CR:055 Deliver positive moments of truth
SOURCE: Interaction Design Foundation. (n.d.). The moment of truth: Build desirable relationships with users
and customers. Retrieved September 26, 2023, from https://www.interactiondesign.org/literature/article/the-moment-of-truth-build-desirable-relationships-with-users-andcustomers

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1291

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

16

67. B
An inquiry. Inquiries are written to ask for more information concerning a product or service. An application is a
form requesting acceptance into an organization, group, or company. A short report gives brief details about a
project, product, or service. A proposal suggests a course of action to be taken.
SOURCE: CO:040 Write inquiries
SOURCE: Beare, K. (2019, May 26). The fundamentals of writing an inquiry business letter. Retrieved
September 26, 2023, from https://www.thoughtco.com/inquiry-letters-1210169
68. B
The Powell Company did not order enough paper towels for the month, so it ordered an additional four cases. A
reorder involves ordering items that the company has previously ordered. The Powell Company placed a
reorder because it submitted a second order for the same product (paper towels) to its vendor. A backorder
occurs when a vendor ships part of an order on time and the rest of the order later when the stock is available.
Mr. and Mrs. Travis placed a special order, which is a request for a custom item that a vendor does not normally
carry in stock. Henry's Hardware Store placed a regular order, which involves providing the vendor with the
specifications of items that the business wants to order.
SOURCE: OP:250 Describe types of purchase orders
SOURCE: Indeed. (2022, September 30). How to calculate reorder level (with steps and example). Retrieved
September 27, 2023, from https://www.indeed.com/career-advice/career-development/reorder-level
69. B
Building layout. Building size and layout greatly influence the specific evacuation procedures and protocols for a
hotel or motel. Smaller buildings, such as motels, may have simpler evacuation plans, while larger hotels and
resorts may have more complicated procedures to ensure visitor safety. Guest count, government regulation,
and severe weather may also affect evacuation procedures; however, they are not demonstrated in this
example.
SOURCE: OP:527 Identify factors affecting evacuation procedures/protocols
SOURCE: Smartdraw. (1994-2023). Evacuation plan. Retrieved September 27, 2023, from
https://www.smartdraw.com/evacuation-plan/
70. A
Are often seen by people other than the recipients. When writing emails to customers and coworkers, the
correspondence should address various business issues; therefore, writers should develop the messages using
a concise, friendly, and businesslike tone. If the writer uses language that is very casual, personal, or
questionable, there is a risk of offending the recipient or others to whom the recipient forwards the message.
Because many businesses have email policies and can monitor the contents of emails going into and out of
their companies, email writers should take care not to send inappropriate messages. Business emails do not
need to be entertaining or informal, nor do they need to include graphics. Many businesspeople save important
emails and flag them for follow-up at a later time.
SOURCE: CO:090 Write professional emails
SOURCE: Griffin, D. (n.d.). Employee rights in regards to email. Retrieved September 26, 2023, from
https://smallbusiness.chron.com/employee-rights-regarding-email-phone-communication-15934.html

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1291

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

17

71. D
Increased efficiency. Division of labor is the process of dividing a large job into units, or job tasks, and assigning
an individual to do each of the tasks. Division of labor allows for specialization, which makes organizations more
efficient because the work is divided and shared to take advantage of employees’ skills. Division of labor does
not necessarily lead to more direct oversight, teamwork opportunities, or professional development.
SOURCE: SM:064 Explain managerial considerations in organizing
SOURCE: LAP-SM-064—Put It All Together (Managerial Organizing)
72. A
Use unusual passwords rather than your birth date to access your bank accounts. Identity theft occurs when
somebody uses another individual's name and personal information (e.g., credit cards) for fraudulent purposes.
Identity theft can occur even when you take precautions. To reduce the risk of identity theft, use unusual
passwords to access your personal bank accounts rather than common information such as your birth date. To
further prevent identity theft, do not place your Social Security number on unnecessary documents. Many
people do not have passports. Paying with cash is not always a good idea, because cancelled bank checks
serve as a receipt for payments. If you pay your bills by sending cash, the envelope may get lost, and you will
have no record of making the payment. In addition, using credit cards wisely can help you build a good credit
report, which will help you obtain loans for expensive items (e.g., a car) in the future.
SOURCE: FI:073 Protect against identity theft
SOURCE: Capital One. (2022, September 20). 7 tips to protect yourself from identity theft. Retrieved
September 26, 2023, from https://www.capitalone.com/learn-grow/privacy-security/identity-theftprevention/
73. A
Avoid direct contact with sharp objects and bacteria. Wearing disposable gloves when emptying trash
containers prevents direct skin contact with bacteria, sharp objects (e.g., broken glass), and dangerous
chemicals that can harm the employee's hands and spread blood-borne pathogens. Wearing disposable gloves
does not prevent damage to floors and furniture, decrease the risk of security breaches, or reduce the risk of
inhaling dangerous fumes. To reduce exposure to fumes, employees should wear ventilation masks.
SOURCE: OP:134 Practice safe and sanitary handling/disposal of wastes/recyclables
SOURCE: Farina, D.A. (2017, April 6). How to safely dispose of office trash. Retrieved September 27, 2023,
from https://www.safeopedia.com/how-to-safely-dispose-of-office-trash/2/5545
74. A
Financial and technical skills. To be successful, entrepreneurs must develop a variety of skills that they continue
to improve throughout life. Necessary entrepreneurial skills include risk management skills, sales and marketing
skills, financial skills, administrative skills, time management skills, technical skills, communication skills,
leadership skills, decision-making skills, and problem-solving skills. Although creative writing skills and selfawareness may be helpful, they are not necessary to be a successful entrepreneur.
SOURCE: PD:066 Explain career opportunities in entrepreneurship
SOURCE: LAP-PD-066—Own Your Own (Career Opportunities in Entrepreneurship)
75. A
Repeat business. Employees who solve customers’ problems quickly and satisfactorily often are able to obtain
repeat business from those customers. Customers who are treated well will likely return to the business in spite
of the complaint because they know the employees will resolve whatever problems may arise. Customers, not
employees, obtain individual priority, personal service, and a pleasant experience when employees quickly
handle problems and complaints.
SOURCE: CR:004 Demonstrate a customer service mindset
SOURCE: LAP-CR-004—Set Your Mind to It (Customer Service Mindset)

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1291

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

18

76. D
Established personal credibility. Credibility is believability. To be able to persuade others, individuals need to be
credible so others believe what they say. Individuals who are credible have a reputation of providing accurate
information in a fair manner. They are well-informed and use reliable sources to support their opinions and
ideas. As a result, others believe them and often are persuaded to do what they want. Because Alicia is an
honest person who has prior experience with the process, she has credibility. There is not enough information
provided to determine if Alicia has exhibited cultural sensitivity, demonstrated empathy, or coached others
effectively.
SOURCE: EI:012 Persuade others
SOURCE: LAP-EI-912—Win Them Over (Persuading Others)
77. D
Bookmarking. The bookmarking computer tool allows users to save URL addresses on their computers. The
bookmarking tool allows users to quickly return to favorite or frequently visited websites without reentering a
specific URL address every time they want to access the websites. This is a beneficial tool for businesspeople
who need to do ongoing research, or for employees who need to access vendor and customer websites several
times a day. The highlighting function allows computer users to highlight or mark text in a document or
spreadsheet. Sorting allows users the ability to organize, classify, or categorize data in a specific format, such
as an alphabetical or numerical sequence.
SOURCE: NF:081 Store information for future use
SOURCE: Kats, S. (2023, May 26). How to bookmark a website. Retrieved September 26, 2023, from
https://www.wikihow.com/Bookmark-a-Website
78. C
Cruise director. Cruise directors perform a variety of tasks. Primary responsibilities involve coordinating
entertainment activities and special events for the cruise's passengers. Coordinating these activities requires
communicating with and managing staff. Because Melanie enjoys traveling, water sports (sailing), and planning
social events, a cruise-director position aligns with her skills and interests. Working as a food and beverage
manager usually requires specialized training in food preparation and service. Housekeeping managers perform
management tasks associated with the cleaning and upkeep of rooms. Because Melanie likes to travel and plan
special events, she would probably not want to work as a resort housekeeping manager. A safety officer needs
to have special knowledge about the security and safety issues that pertain to cruise ships.
SOURCE: PD:272 Explain career opportunities in hospitality and tourism
SOURCE: Indeed. (2022, September 30). How to become a cruise director (with skills and duties). Retrieved
September 27, 2023, from https://uk.indeed.com/career-advice/finding-a-job/how-to-become-cruisedirector
79. C
Allow the customer to express their feelings. Sometimes, frustrated customers want to complain and release
anger. Allowing them to express their feelings might help them calm down and make a resolution more likely.
Agreeing with a customer's complaints is not a good idea, because it undermines the authority of the company.
Keeping the conversation in a public space is not a good idea, because other employees or customers might
hear the conversation, which could damage morale and reputation. Finally, disagreeing with each negative
statement is likely to upset the customer rather than help resolve the conflict.
SOURCE: CR:046 Determine strategies for resolving customer-service situations
SOURCE: Cerdeira, C. (2022, December 22). 12 tips for conflict resolution to create excellent customer service.
Retrieved September 26, 2023, from https://www.talkdesk.com/blog/12-conflict-resolution-tips-forexcellent-customer-service/

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1291

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

19

80. C
Discover the customer’s needs. Only by discovering the needs of the customer through questioning and
listening will the salesperson be in a position to recommend a good or service that will meet those needs. This
process may indicate the customer’s mood, but that is not its purpose. The method of follow-up depends upon
the selling situation. Feature-benefit selling is convincing customers that a good or service has the features that
will provide the benefits they are looking for.
SOURCE: SE:048 Explain the selling process
SOURCE: LAP-SE-048—Set Your Sales (The Selling Process)
81. B
Help customers make good buying decisions. Customer satisfaction should be the final goal and outcome of the
entire selling process. While suggestion selling/upselling can benefit the company, salespeople, and customers,
it is important to only suggest additional items that would be valuable for the customer. When upselling, it is
smart to limit your suggestion to just one or two additional products. Mentioning that you work on commission
will not help with upselling and instead might make customers lose trust in you as a salesperson. The better
quality, higher priced item is not always the best fit for a customer. Salespeople should take customer budgets
into account when selling items.
SOURCE: SE:476 Up-sell to enhance customer experience
SOURCE: Patel, N. (2015, December 21). How to upsell any customer. Retrieved September 27, 2023, from
https://www.forbes.com/sites/neilpatel/2015/12/21/how-to-upsell-anycustomer/?sh=4e2ba771c406#33381c94c406.
82. A
Increased staffing for peaks in demand. Employee turnover can become a problem during peaks in demand,
when employees (such as the manager in this example) become overworked and stressed. This issue could
have been avoided by increasing staffing to meet demand. Hiring a more responsible manager might not
necessarily help, because there still might not be enough staff to handle the demands of the busiest seasons.
Convincing the manager to stay would also not help with the excessive demand unless other staff members
were hired to help as well. Closing down the resort during peaks in demand is not a good idea; the resort would
lose revenue and would likely struggle to stay in business.
SOURCE: CR:038 Identify strategies to manage customer experience during peaks in demand
SOURCE: RoomkeyPMS. (2016, October 4). Staffing strategies for peak and off-seasons. Retrieved September
26, 2023, from https://roomkeypms.com/blog/staffing-strategies-peak-off-seasons/
83. A
Differences in staff members' abilities. Services by nature are highly variable and dependent on who provides
them. Some staff members may be more skilled than others, which can cause guests to perceive their
experiences differently. The perishability of unsold rooms is an internal financial challenge of a hotel that does
not cause variability in its service. Standardized check-in procedures are a technique that hotels use to reduce
variability in service. Customer satisfaction surveys are used to evaluate a hotel's service and do not cause
variability.
SOURCE: PD:111 Describe the nature of the hospitality and tourism industry
SOURCE: Kotler, P., Bowen, J.T., Makens, J.C., & Baloglu, S. (2017). Marketing for hospitality and tourism (7th
ed.) [pp. 34-39]. Boston, MA: Pearson, Education, Inc.

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1291

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

20

84. C
The customer will generate word-of-mouth influence. When customers request special treatment, honoring their
requests will create an exceptional experience for them. They will be much more likely to provide positive wordof-mouth feedback to other potential customers. It is not likely that other customers will feel that they are not
being treated fairly, that the customer will become even more demanding, or that the company will be perceived
as inadequate.
SOURCE: CR:054 Accommodate special needs/specific requests of customers
SOURCE: O'Neill, T. (2019, September 24). What going "above and beyond" for the customer really means.
Retrieved September 26, 2023, from https://blog.fctgcareers.com/blog/what-going-above-andbeyond-for-the-customer-really-means
85. B
Offer to check with the cook. Servers should obtain information about menu items from the kitchen staff on an
ongoing basis. When patrons have food questions servers cannot answer, the servers should obtain the
answers from the kitchen staff. Because customers may have dietary problems, servers should not guess at the
contents of food dishes. Truthfulness is essential in dealing with customers, and a little extra consideration can
prompt return business.
SOURCE: SE:062 Acquire product information for use in selling
SOURCE: LAP-SE-062—Get Informed (Acquiring Product Information for Use in Selling)
86. C
Accepting mobile credit card payments. Businesses have a lot to consider when deciding whether or not to
accept credit card payments—and how to accept credit card payments. Mobile credit cards are increasingly
popular with the younger, tech-savvy demographic, so the coffee shop should consider accepting mobile credit
card payments. Instituting a minimum amount for credit card payments, gathering analytics from credit card
payments, and purchasing a receipt printer are not necessarily related to appealing to a young, tech-savvy
demographic.
SOURCE: FI:789 Discuss considerations in accepting credit-card payments
SOURCE: Stripe. (2023, January 30). How to accept mobile credit card payments. Retrieved September 26,
2023, from https://stripe.com/resources/more/how-to-accept-mobile-credit-card-payments
87. D
Communication skills. Since careers in hospitality and tourism often require personal interactions, most
employees need solid communication skills. Although some careers in hospitality and tourism require
mathematical and web design skills, those skills are not required by most hospitality and tourism careers.
Athletic skills are generally not needed in hospitality and tourism careers.
SOURCE: EI:090 Describe personal traits important to success in hospitality and tourism
SOURCE: Giannotti, F. (n.d.). Top 10 hospitality and tourism soft skills. Retrieved September 26, 2023, from
https://hospitalityinsights.ehl.edu/top-10-soft-skills-hospitality-tourism
88. B
Industrial. Businesses that buy from other businesses are called industrial customers. They often buy
thousands of dollars' worth of equipment or materials. Individual customers, on the other hand, buy goods such
as clothing and food, and services like insurance or car washes. Individual customers are individual people,
whereas industrial customers are companies and organizations. “Group” and “personal” are not terms used to
describe types of business customers.
SOURCE: SE:828 Explain key factors in building a clientele
SOURCE: LAP-SE-828—Keep Them Loyal (Key Factors in Building Clientele)

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1291

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

21

89. A
Review customer comments in the hotel database. Secondary research examines information that was
previously collected for other purposes. Reviewing customer comments stored in a database is an example of
secondary research since the data were previously collected. Creating a survey, interviewing staff members,
and observing guests are primary research activities since they are designed to collect information specific to
the research goal.
SOURCE: NF:281 Explain sources of secondary hospitality and tourism information
SOURCE: Destination BC. (n.d.). Research guide for tourism operators. Retrieved September 27, 2023, from
https://www.destinationbc.ca/content/uploads/2018/07/TBE-Guide-Research-Guide-For-TourismOperators-Mar-2015.pdf
90. B
Online booking. Many hospitality and tourism businesses offer websites that enable customers to conveniently
book their reservations online. This gives customers 24-hour access to reservation systems when it's
convenient for them to quickly make a reservation. Customer reservation systems are used by travel agents.
Customer relationship management software is databases of customer information. Websites by themselves
would not expedite the reservation process for customers.
SOURCE: NF:106 Use software to automate services
SOURCE: FinancesOnline. (2023). What is online booking software? A comprehensive guide to benefits,
features, pricing and more. Retrieved September 27, 2023, from https://financesonline.com/onlinebooking-software-comprehensive-guide-benefits-features-pricing/
91. A
“How can you do better next time?” “How can you do better next time?” is an open-ended question because it
requires more than a “yes,” “no,” or other short response. The other questions are closed-ended questions
because they can be answered with a “yes,” “no,” or other short response.
SOURCE: EI:041 Coach others
SOURCE: LAP-EI-041—Bring Out the Best (Coaching Others)
92. D
An increasingly diverse array of risks. In the past, risks were managed through the purchase of insurance.
However, companies have begun to manage many different types of risks that need to be managed on a
broader level. Enterprise risk management is now a plan-based strategy that is incorporated throughout an
organization. Enterprise risk management has not developed due to the elimination of certain insurance plans,
reduced government regulation, or declining quality standards.
SOURCE: RM:062 Discuss the nature of enterprise risk management (ERM)
SOURCE: Hayes, A. (2022, September 7). Enterprise risk management (ERM): What is it and how it works.
Retrieved September 27, 2023, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/e/enterprise-riskmanagement.asp

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1291

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

22

93. D
They have already exhausted their secondary research options. Primary research is that which a person or
company generates on their own for their exact needs and purposes. Primary research is generally done when
the needed information does not exist yet. Therefore, the airline executive should first do an exhaustive search
of secondary sources before deciding to conduct primary research. Even if no one on the executive's team has
the information they need, the executive still might not need to conduct primary research because they might be
able to use secondary research. If the airline has little money for research, the executive might be better off
focusing on secondary research because it is cheaper than primary research.
SOURCE: NF:282 Explain types of primary hospitality and tourism market information
SOURCE: Alchemer. (2018, April 26). Research methods: How and when to use primary and secondary
research. Retrieved September 27, 2023, from https://www.alchemer.com/resources/blog/researchmethods-how-and-when-to-use-primary-and-secondary-research/
94. B
Collaborated on the report to establish a common voice. When working with others on communications projects
such as reports, it's important for teams to find a common voice so that they communicate their messages most
effectively. In this example, the team members did not combine their writing styles into a common style—
causing their report to lack cohesion and clarity. Jessica, Adam, and Tanya should not have chosen a single
team member to write the entire report; that would be unfair. They should not have written an entire report each
and chosen the best report to submit; that would be a waste of time and resources. It would be inappropriate to
ask their supervisor for different projects rather than following directions.
SOURCE: NF:215 Collaborate on and aggregate complex internal documents to create a common voice
SOURCE: The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. (2023). Group writing. Retrieved September 26,
2023, from https://writingcenter.unc.edu/tips-and-tools/group-writing/
95. A
Unauthorized individuals found on the scene. The presence of unauthorized people is a threat to the security of
patrons, employees, and to the hospitality and tourism business. Individuals responsible for security will need to
quickly determine the reason that the unauthorized people are present. Spilled water and a choking patron are
safety threats. A phone call about an item in lost and found is not a safety or security issue.
SOURCE: OP:115 Explain security considerations in the hospitality and tourism industry
SOURCE: Arora, A. (2019, March 27). Safety and security in the hospitality industry - Challenges and possible
counters. Retrieved September 27, 2023, from https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/safety-securityhospitality-industry-challenges-possible-aman-arora/
96. B
Have high value in the market. To identify its competitive advantage, a business must consider what makes its
service, product, capability, or other resource superior to all of a customer's other choices—in other words, what
gives that service, product, capability, or resource greater value in the market. Commonplace capabilities and
resources are not likely to result in a competitive advantage. While a business can benefit from environmentally
sustainable capabilities and resources, sustainability is not likely to result in a competitive advantage if those
capabilities and resources lack value. When a capability or resource is difficult to maintain, the cost for its
upkeep is likely to outweigh any benefit it provides.
SOURCE: PM:246 Identify product's/service's competitive advantage
SOURCE: Twin, A. (2023, August 3). Competitive advantage definition with types and examples. Retrieved
September 27, 2023, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/competitive_advantage.asp

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

Test 1291

HOSPITALITY AND TOURISM CLUSTER EXAM—KEY

23

97. D
Protect natural resources. The primary purpose of environmental regulations is to protect natural resources,
including the air, soil, and water. Environmental laws require businesses to control the amount and type of
pollution they release into the environment and to use appropriate measures for the disposal of hazardous
waste. By following environmental regulations, businesses are complying with the government's efforts to
protect natural resources by keeping air, soil, and water safe for consumption. Antitrust laws prevent
monopolies, which are conditions that reduce competition in the marketplace. Encouraging business
development and safeguarding business structures are not the primary purpose of environmental laws.
SOURCE: BL:073 Discuss the nature of environmental law
SOURCE: Laws.com. (2019, December 23). Know the purpose of environmental law. Retrieved September 26,
2023, from https://environmental.laws.com/environmental-law/purpose-of-environmental-law
98. D
The coupon provides evidence that the service was provided. A coupon serves as a physical record that a
discount was provided when the customer paid for the service. This is especially important when a service
marketer needs to be reimbursed by the appropriate party for the amount on the coupon. Service marketers that
choose to double the value of coupons must make up the difference between the face value printed on the
coupon and the doubled amount. Customers do not get mad when their coupons are not taken from them
because it offers them another opportunity to enjoy a discounted price. If anything, accepting a coupon would
slightly slow down the transaction time because the discount must be entered into the register; however, the
amount of time is negligible.
SOURCE: SE:149 Process complimentary offers and coupons/discounts
SOURCE: How Stuff Works. (n.d.). How do store coupons work? Retrieved September 27, 2023, from
https://money.howstuffworks.com/personal-finance/budgeting/question426.htm
99. B
Save time and money. Appropriate information management has many benefits for a business, including saving
time and money by making operations run more smoothly. Appropriate information management should make
decisions easier and should reduce a business's risk of undergoing an unnecessary audit. Appropriate
information management may or may not create more jobs.
SOURCE: NF:110 Discuss the nature of information management
SOURCE: LAP-NF-110—In the Know (Nature of Information Management)
100. B
A snack-food manufacturer orders potatoes, oil, and salt to make its potato chips. Raw-materials inventory are
goods (inputs) that a business uses to make a finished good (output). Finished products are completed goods
that are ready to be marketed to consumers. MRO goods are maintenance, repair, and operating supplies such
as office supplies and replacement parts for equipment.
SOURCE: OP:336 Discuss types of inventory
SOURCE: Hand, R. (2022, August 1). Raw materials inventory: An essential guide for manufacturers. Retrieved
September 27, 2023, from https://www.shipbob.com/blog/raw-materials-inventory/

Copyright © 2024 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio

